Christine Campbell: I'm good.
Christine Campbell: Today actually did something today.
Christine Campbell: Literally do nothing but lame that all that's where
Christine Campbell: I got I clean two rooms good like moved everything cleaned it, I'm feeling good today.
Richelle Direny: That's good.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You don't really leave your house you
Know,
Christine Campbell: Especially now we're not, you know, just go to the store, whatever it's
Christine Campbell: Me, My husband get along really well.
Richelle Direny: That's a good thing, isn't it.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I know you think right now we'd really be wanting Jerry each other apart.
Richelle Direny: So everything seems to be open up
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I got a psychiatrist. I just started seeing them. So, you know, have any medication or nothing.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you got an appointment with a psychiatrist.
Christine Campbell: I talked to him once I just gotta wait till they get older.
Christine Campbell: Like get hold of bright heart for my drug screen and
Christine Campbell: I don't know. I talked to him again next week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good, you were seeing a psychiatrist from the times.
Christine Campbell: In the past, yeah a lot, you know, often one. I went through quite a few
Richelle Direny: What was your diagnosis.
Christine Campbell: I said, anxiety, depression, ADHD,
Christine Campbell: PTSD.
Christine Campbell: It's like all of the alphabet.
Christine Campbell: Like get me. That's why I haven't been able to get out of bed. You know, I just literally getting in bed.
Christine Campbell: For real. It was a fight.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. Well, that's good.
Christine Campbell: Stuff like that. I feel depressed, really, I just don't want to do anything.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's good. But you weren't getting any medications.
Richelle Direny: They were
Christine Campbell: My family doctor. She gives me
Christine Campbell: Paxil
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what was different with your husband.
Richelle Direny: So you said that you
Christine Campbell: Know,
Richelle Direny: You don't know what happened there. You just know something is going, something is stolen.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on. I'm pulling up here.
Christine Campbell: Oh, the last time I went I was on
Christine Campbell: That to see my subconscious. You know, like I do, you now know
Christine Campbell: He got really mad that you're talking about me and actually I didn't at all for once know any
Christine Campbell: Way I thought was funny.
Richelle Direny: The big girl you're
Christine Campbell: Talking about. I'm like, usually I am but actually
Christine Campbell: I just call him a big baby powder for a while and got over
Christine Campbell: Like God get over eat. Listen, everything because last time he overheard me at all. Well, why don't you just why you feel like that as well. If I can fix it. I wouldn't need any help, you know,
Christine Campbell: I can fix it myself. But wouldn't need anybody's help
Christine Campbell: That new that's what he did is I don't want to listen to me.
Christine Campbell: Ain't none as business.
Richelle Direny: Well, listen, I think that what's what's good and what's important is that you guys are getting along. No.
Or yes,
Christine Campbell: Very, very grateful for that.
Christine Campbell: Because I figure waiver. We gotta stay together. Now for the divorce rate. Got to be soaring
Richelle Direny: Well, well, because everybody's quarantine in
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You never know.
Richelle Direny: You never know. I'm trying to pull up
Christine Campbell: Okay, it's fine.
Richelle Direny: Last Thursday, right,
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Christine I don't I'm looking through I'm looking through your paper.
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to see
Richelle Direny: You
Christine Campbell: Can see you don't bother me for didn't bother you.
Richelle Direny: Know, cuz I see the glare.
Richelle Direny: Okay I seems like
Richelle Direny: I'm looking at over your treatment plan.
Richelle Direny: Review your treatment.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so we're first alright so you. So when did you go to the season.
Christine Campbell: I talked to them Friday.
Christine Campbell: Friday.
What is your next appointment.
Christine Campbell: Next Monday.
Christine Campbell: Next Monday. Monday coming up.
Richelle Direny: Next week. So you saw you on Friday, you're seeing here in four weeks, basically, or
Richelle Direny: In a week.
Richelle Direny: And then what he after that you go month to month
Christine Campbell: I don't, I don't know yet probably
Richelle Direny: Hold on, hold on. The lighting is killing
Richelle Direny: I have these like
Christine Campbell: With them, I got a counselor. Awesome.
Christine Campbell: Week. I think there's way too much, but
Christine Campbell: Then I'll say
Christine Campbell: That we
Christine Campbell: Have also counselor with them, too.
Christine Campbell: And so far they schedule every week, which I think is too much. Now,
Christine Campbell: To tell her. That's too much.
Richelle Direny: Did you tell them that you you're you have you're already doing it with bright heart.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And they still want you to do counseling with them.
Christine Campbell: Talk to her wants to. So I just started. So, you know,
Christine Campbell: I told them that that gets gets so confusing and I forget. Yeah, totally. I told you I wouldn't forget and I did forget things on my alarm set
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Richelle Direny: I
Christine Campbell: Forgot
Richelle Direny: I remember you saying it. But then I said, you know what
Richelle Direny: I said if you if you didn't come out, like, you know what, that's fine. I wouldn't
Richelle Direny: Be it would have been fun.
Christine Campbell: Well, I knew, I knew I had to. I know me. But yeah, totally forgot about it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah cuz I know I didn't set
Christine Campbell: The appointments and just, you know, like to see them every week. That's too much.
Christine Campbell: You know,
Richelle Direny: It's
Richelle Direny: Up to you. I always say it's up to you.
Christine Campbell: Know, see whatever you
Richelle Direny: Just having like having like two or three councillors that's a bit much. I
Christine Campbell: Know, I hate when I got to go through like the whole story or like 50 times he's
Christine Campbell: Still a great book and let them read
Richelle Direny: Very good read it. I don't want to repeat it again.
Richelle Direny: Well yeah i i agree that will be too much, but I know some some some places.
Yeah.
Christine Campbell: About me. You know, I get that, you know, anyway.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, something, some places, they have different requirements and
Richelle Direny: All right, like you have
Richelle Direny: To see because you're seeing psychiatry there.
Richelle Direny: They want you to continue continuity of care.
Richelle Direny: received their counselors, but it's it's really
Christine Campbell: Brand new adventures. I'm not sure exactly what we're gonna do.
Christine Campbell: Here, you need for that. We'll see.
Richelle Direny: So let me ask you this, Christine.
Richelle Direny: What are you, what are you looking to
Richelle Direny: For you, like, okay, you're seeing the psychiatry, so like one of the goals is that you're going to
Richelle Direny: Consistently see the psychiatrists to treat your underlining
Richelle Direny: Your Depression your
Richelle Direny: Right.
Right.
Christine Campbell: Fallen
Christine Campbell: Haven't had really any urges or nothing.
Christine Campbell: Just dead set against I'm never doing that again.
Christine Campbell: It's not a question to me.
Richelle Direny: I would recommend one of the goal.
Richelle Direny: Is that, you know, I'm going to put the goal line.
Richelle Direny: Is that you're going to hear
Richelle Direny: Me now that you have to
Richelle Direny: But just being intentional about each
Richelle Direny: Time that you need to decide first
Richelle Direny: Is to talk about any changes that you've identified from being on the medication as it's related to what
He's treating
Richelle Direny: Anxiety.
Richelle Direny: If he finds that if you find that you're under medication for guiding
Richelle Direny: You don't
Christine Campbell: Think there's really much I can do other than the back so because I can't take Xanax or Valium or none of that what
Richelle Direny: They want but
Christine Campbell: Even if there's
Richelle Direny: Anything else you know to maintain that in just to
Christine Campbell: Be able to be forthcoming.
Christine Campbell: About
Richelle Direny: The changes that we've seen.
Richelle Direny: If you're seeing if you're seeing a therapist there and if it for part of the requirement that you have to continue to see the therapist because I do understand if it's the same type of therapy that you're doing.
Richelle Direny: I mean, they would look at
Christine Campbell: So they look at
Richelle Direny: It as this is for the the
Richelle Direny: Maintenance of the addiction, make me look at me as
Fiction.
Richelle Direny: That would be more mental health counselor.
Christine Campbell: Where
Richelle Direny: I'm more focused on, I don't
Richelle Direny: I wouldn't
Richelle Direny: Say that I'm an addictions counselor more as
Richelle Direny: I would say that more
Richelle Direny: Of looking at it from a
Richelle Direny: I look at the whole I take like a holistic approach. Like how does your underlining
Richelle Direny: Your past events mental health and all of that. How does it relate to your addiction. What is going, how does it relate relate to your addiction.
Richelle Direny: And how
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: In kind of regaining control of your life circumstances and learning how to cope learning how to
Richelle Direny: Just be what life.
Richelle Direny: And not be so dependent upon the substances. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Sorts of
Christine Campbell: You know, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Whatever it is. So, but, you know, I think each counselor has a different title, but it's a neat.
Christine Campbell: Neat.
Richelle Direny: My opinion. I think they're all
Richelle Direny: Interrelated and suddenly they
Richelle Direny: All kind of crossover.
Christine Campbell: Right. Yeah. I think the other more the medical standpoint.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but I mean,
So like, even with addiction.
Richelle Direny: Counseling.
Richelle Direny: If we're going to talk about your mental health.
Richelle Direny: You're also looking at when you're doing
Christine Campbell: You know,
Richelle Direny: Addiction counseling.
Richelle Direny: It's going to touch up
Richelle Direny: On your mental health because it's co occurring.
Richelle Direny: So you're looking
Richelle Direny: At, you know, how does your outline
Richelle Direny: Are you like
Richelle Direny: In terms of your mental health. What are some triggers.
To your anxiety.
Christine Campbell: Depression.
Richelle Direny: Like one of the things that I could come up. Now, especially with people that are depressed or
Richelle Direny: People like have social
Richelle Direny: Be locked in there in heaven right now.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, my brother.
Richelle Direny: You're telling me like illegal.
Christine Campbell: didn't really work not working, but
Having
Richelle Direny: A you don't go anywhere anymore. Nobody's forcing me to get out. Kind of like
Richelle Direny: If I
Richelle Direny: Had if I had
Richelle Direny: A diagnosis of agoraphobia.
Richelle Direny: That's like that severe you like you have this bad
Richelle Direny: Idea about going out.
Richelle Direny: And if I'm working with you on that.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I don't like going to get anxiety. Before I go like too big, like graduation or something.
Richelle Direny: No one, what a person, specifically with this particular social anxiety agoraphobia with anxiety. They don't go outside your door.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
That's
Richelle Direny: Right now.
Christine Campbell: Like
Richelle Direny: Right now norm. So
Richelle Direny: But just identifying those triggers.
Richelle Direny: Triggers
Richelle Direny: Like whatever your mental health life, whatever is the
Trigger to that.
Richelle Direny: Mental illness, if you will.
Richelle Direny: You know it's identifying those triggers. Because sometimes, depending on how you know how overwhelming, it becomes that how much is having an impact.
Richelle Direny: On your hair and now
Richelle Direny: That can trigger
Richelle Direny: To use whatever it is, whatever, whether it's
Richelle Direny: Because it numbs that overwhelming feeling
Christine Campbell: Right.
Richelle Direny: So I think all of them. Like I said, all of them is interrelated, so I don't
Richelle Direny: You know, it's not like a perfect one shoe for all
Christine Campbell: But
Richelle Direny: I will definitely say what are the goal is to work on.
Richelle Direny: Meeting with your subconscious monthly
Richelle Direny: Um, let's see it.
Richelle Direny: Being more intentional about
Christine Campbell: Trying to like enjoy enjoy something but like today's is actually got up and actually did something I feel really good. You know, set of just laying in bed watching TV all day.
Christine Campbell: Just kind of like fight myself me to get up there.
Christine Campbell: Just but today. Good day.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Christine Campbell: Good sometimes just initially starting to do something I really know
Christine Campbell: Myself, I usually don't win.
Christine Campbell: I'm really glad I did it today. I think the sun coming out helped a lot.
Richelle Direny: It's been overcast
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of like when you talk about what's your
Richelle Direny: Depression, you said that one of the things that you're happy about is that you got up and you were able to get my house.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Did you do, you'll find that you have more
Richelle Direny: Than hydrating like you're always feeling
Christine Campbell: Really sad.
Richelle Direny: No.
Christine Campbell: It's not that I feel sad. I just don't have any energy
Christine Campbell: Even just know not knowing I have to do something.
Christine Campbell: Wears me out. But I don't even do it. Yeah, I'll get overwhelmed and it will just won't even do it, anybody. It could be just a phone call. You know, like I forgot all about you today. So I'm even thinking about it. So you
Christine Campbell: Today though it didn't bother me not to do. Sometimes I just think, I don't know why that bothers which and it ain't nothing but it's stupid phone call, but sometimes just think like it's too much.
Christine Campbell: Stupid but
Richelle Direny: No, you did say that you have when you go to the
Richelle Direny: One was last time you saw your
Richelle Direny: PCP your primary
Christine Campbell: A couple weeks ago.
Richelle Direny: And there's no underlining medical issues, right.
Christine Campbell: All about
Christine Campbell: Long time ago.
Christine Campbell: Because I had a return on Friday, they get it done to be on the Humira they have to do your blood work and he found a Pepsi.
Christine Campbell: And so then what for extensive bloodwork
Christine Campbell: Tonight I want you to a specialist and he said, I didn't have it.
Christine Campbell: 30 years later I will go into the blood bank give blood to $60
Christine Campbell: They also do take blood work to to live a couple times and they got stuck. You know, the back from their people. And he said, I still have the antibodies, so I can't do that anymore.
Christine Campbell: So we're back to my doctor and I told her, you know what, I wouldn't know if I have it or not, you know, because now it's
Christine Campbell: Up to me out and I think cuz
Christine Campbell: I would like to know that.
Christine Campbell: Feeling if you come back, say WAY. Dave came back 30 years ago because I want to one place
Christine Campbell: And they said, If I don't understand, like,
Christine Campbell: Oh, again, I
Christine Campbell: Had the antibodies, but I don't have any
Christine Campbell: Body.
Christine Campbell: Or, you know, get the data like the specialist did years ago, but I feel necessary. It has to be right now with all this stuff going on. I'll just wait.
Christine Campbell: Really want to go and where we're there. You know, bunch of people are so
Christine Campbell: So that's it.
Richelle Direny: So we can work on like
Richelle Direny: Because you have such low energy, I
Richelle Direny: Don't really have the energy
To do anything.
Richelle Direny: So one goal we could work on is identify at least one town.
Richelle Direny: You can complete each day each one task.
Richelle Direny: And how you're going to go about doing that is that you're going to set
Richelle Direny: Like on your phone, you're going to set up on a reminder and at a certain time, every single day.
Richelle Direny: When your alarm goes off.
Richelle Direny: You have to complete at least one task.
Richelle Direny: Whatever if it even if it's getting up to make breakfast or it is getting up to. I'm just taking for your own self care, whatever it is, one task that you have to complete daily
Christine Campbell: Alright, sounds like today, I feel a lot better that actually did get up, do so.
Richelle Direny: What time did you get up.
Christine Campbell: I sleep like
Christine Campbell: I sleep off and on. I don't really sleep like hours at a time so
Richelle Direny: So what's a good time.
Christine Campbell: For good there's seven
Christine Campbell: About seven when I got a good
Christine Campbell: 7am yeah
Richelle Direny: You think that's a good time.
Christine Campbell: To wait go why not
Richelle Direny: Every single day, every single day because you're setting your alarm.
Richelle Direny: To get up every single day.
Yet
Christine Campbell: Another good to sleep early, early get up at like 3am or four
Richelle Direny: 7am right
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so your objective is to set
Christine Campbell: A daily alarm at 7am
Richelle Direny: To remind yourself of the task.
Richelle Direny: That needs to be completed.
Christine Campbell: at 7am
Christine Campbell: Up at seven. I want to do a task.
Richelle Direny: So like even if you get
Richelle Direny: Maybe, maybe.
Richelle Direny: 11 O'clock 12 o'clock.
Christine Campbell: Yeah sure what to do.
Richelle Direny: Awfully early
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I want to wake up and jump right into this. Anyway, I won't do that.
Christine Campbell: Like to do things early on out like to wait half the day and then do it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so. Okay, so I'll put so every day.
Richelle Direny: 10 O'clock here when your alarm goes off, you know, even if it's getting off and you're going to, if you have animals, you're going to take the dog or whatever that task is
Richelle Direny: That at least you accomplished one tasks.
Richelle Direny: And each time that we meet. We're going to do a check in to see
Richelle Direny: You completed that one time.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So what is some outside of
Richelle Direny: Like what are some other things that
Richelle Direny: You find that
Richelle Direny: Overwhelming for you. It's a challenge for you.
Christine Campbell: Oh,
Christine Campbell: I don't know, just like I said when I know I have to do something that could be the smallest stupidest thing.
Christine Campbell: I get it, like literally exhaust me
Christine Campbell: Can be anything
Christine Campbell: I mean, not like in my daily get up and do that just like to go somewhere.
Christine Campbell: Like those store and then go to the doctor. Like, oh God, really, you know,
Christine Campbell: Just
Christine Campbell: Don't want to do it.
Christine Campbell: A lot of times I don't
Richelle Direny: Is your husband homeless you every day.
Yeah.
Christine Campbell: He's retired.
Christine Campbell: He's disabled.
Richelle Direny: So you guys are both home for the majority of the day.
Christine Campbell: It's not all day. Yeah, he's got prospects.
Okay, so what was
Christine Campbell: He like he's been doing all kinds of stuff. And maybe this is good for him to apparently
Richelle Direny: On self care, like what is
Your own self care routine.
Christine Campbell: I don't know.
Christine Campbell: I don't know. I don't really know.
Christine Campbell: He's still there.
Christine Campbell: I just need enough, you're still there.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Christine Campbell: Yeah yeah I
Christine Campbell: Really don't know i mean i don't
Christine Campbell: I mean, I might stay in bed all day but I'm not crying about or not sad about it.
Christine Campbell: Is no need to get up, but I
Christine Campbell: Don't
Christine Campbell: I sit there and think about what I want to do like love to start to paint. I did go by canvas.
Christine Campbell: But that rhyme need to clean this house first
Christine Campbell: But, you know, just I think you have a lot of crafts. I want to do.
Christine Campbell: Think about things I want to do.
Richelle Direny: What do you like to do
Christine Campbell: Gotta wanna
Christine Campbell: Get some mojo want to paint.
Christine Campbell: build things
Christine Campbell: Yeah yeah pain. Good.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, we'll paint.
Christine Campbell: On canvas.
Richelle Direny: work that you've done in the past.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Really
Richelle Direny: Do you have any that I could see. Yeah.
Sure.
Christine Campbell: Oh, my knees hurt.
Christine Campbell: Downstairs.
Richelle Direny: Because maybe you could get back into that.
Richelle Direny: That might be a little bit of motivator and gives you some energy or
Richelle Direny: Some motivation.
Christine Campbell: Well, now this one hearing done
Christine Campbell: Shit.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, you did.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, that's a bad one, actually.
Christine Campbell: But ain't done I can try to fix it. No, I don't like it.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I love doing that. It just takes patience.
Christine Campbell: Finding that doesn't feel a certain way to do it, you know.
Richelle Direny: What's taking you away from me from doing it now. Like what is hindering you what's
Richelle Direny: stopping you from doing it now I
Christine Campbell: Got to be in the mood to do it.
Christine Campbell: And I'm not, I want to, but
Richelle Direny: I don't know what do you find is your what's what's hindering you what's stopping you from having the energy or
Richelle Direny: Whatever you think about
Christine Campbell: You can see that might be too dark.
Christine Campbell: I don't know, just see that
Richelle Direny: Around
Richelle Direny: The corner of it. I was looking at the corner.
Christine Campbell: I love this one.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, that's like a forest like a road going through a foreign wars.
Exactly.
Richelle Direny: That's nice. So you guys
Christine Campbell: On the wall. I had to put him down because we smoke and here's getting Dustin stuff on
Christine Campbell: I got a lot of them actually but don't know where I put them all that way.
Richelle Direny: Did you use the cell nine
Christine Campbell: Know my
Christine Campbell: Daughter in law's mother said I should
Christine Campbell: I don't know how to sell anything online.
Christine Campbell: can't be that hard.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure I you know I used to work with someone
Richelle Direny: Oh, she said. Same thing, like you
Richelle Direny: She showed me some hard
Richelle Direny: Work that she did.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, it
Richelle Direny: Was absolutely amazing. It was like mind blowing. Just the artwork that she didn't, I'm like using
Richelle Direny: She said, Yo,
Christine Campbell: Yo bunch. I don't know where there was one one.
Christine Campbell: You can see that
Richelle Direny: I'm seeing the sack. I'm seeing the side but to the
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's like a raccoon or
Christine Campbell: Wolverine.
Christine Campbell: And the rest were put away somewhere.
Christine Campbell: A bunch, but not like doing outdoor scenes.
Richelle Direny: Well then.
Christine Campbell: I got pride. Right now, you know,
Richelle Direny: So, then maybe we can work on. Maybe I'll set this goal for because the other goals. I'm doing for four months I'll set this goal in the next two months we'll check in each time that we meet will check in to see, you know, what is is to be able to identify what
Richelle Direny: I don't want to say something about like what is hindering you from
Christine Campbell: Paint before them.
Richelle Direny: But then you can work, because remember, you say you have no energy right now.
Richelle Direny: Because now you're going to the five high trust, you're going to set an alarm to get a pass on each day. And now we want to work with, you know, what is something. What do you think
Richelle Direny: is holding you back from being
Richelle Direny: Able to buy each time that we meet will check in.
Richelle Direny: Each time that we meet, whether it's an individual or group.
Richelle Direny: What's stopping you or what's holding you
Richelle Direny: Back from pursuing your dream like what you love. What's stopping what's holding you back like what are identified, being able to identify those those things that stopping you're holding you back from pursuing the things that you love and you'll share that each time that we meet
Richelle Direny: Being able to identify them and let's talk about food.
Christine Campbell: Because I
Christine Campbell: Love it, love it. It's time consuming. I like you've watched his joy painting and they, the guy or paint something in half an hour takes a month, two months I
Richelle Direny: Work is wonderful. I've seen people
Richelle Direny: They do.
Richelle Direny: They do the weirdest like artwork like somebody
Richelle Direny: Where it seems like they create
Richelle Direny: Like this whole like village and how they do it.
Richelle Direny: Which I liked.
Richelle Direny: Shot shining on something.
Christine Campbell: And then the stance.
Richelle Direny: I don't know what you call that kind of
Christine Campbell: I don't know either like one was a move the sand like they just move the sand.
Richelle Direny: And then it form something
Richelle Direny: As they're moving the sand.
Around
Christine Campbell: Ya know what it's called.
Richelle Direny: But I've seen something like that that's that's pretty. I think that's pretty cool. But hold on let's write down this goal.
Christine Campbell: That's definitely a goal and get to
Christine Campbell: Husband, you're not going to go upstairs.
Christine Campbell: Look back like when I was younger and the kids were small, you know,
Christine Campbell: How
Christine Campbell: Energy to me.
Christine Campbell: You know, like, oh my god, I can watch for more than our
Christine Campbell: Attention span. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Christine Campbell: We had two jobs and you know I have four kids, I come on man. How did I do that.
Richelle Direny: Did you like did you use
Like
Richelle Direny: Were you like an artist were like, that's what you did for a living.
Richelle Direny: No, you did it as a hobby.
Hobby
Christine Campbell: We had a group. There's that one girl just bothers me without
The water.
Christine Campbell: The landlord and the water
Christine Campbell: Is yells I did y'all get a lawyer.
Christine Campbell: She could
Christine Campbell: She could sue her lamb or he cannot kick her out for that.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it goes back to me.
Saying that
Christine Campbell: Like you told her that, like, no, don't you know she has nothing to do with that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you can say, but sometimes you know I think we all get to a place where
Richelle Direny: When we get frightened about something.
Richelle Direny: We don't
Richelle Direny: necessarily know
Richelle Direny: What rights, we have on this one.
Christine Campbell: Here.
Christine Campbell: young sons. They're the worst can't even drink the water. We've got to pay out the ass for
Christine Campbell: Video. Oh my God, yeah. They keep raising it up and can't it smell it looks like. Like when it first comes out looks like real thin milk.
Christine Campbell: tastes funny, right. I know that, right. I'm telling you, I am I let them know but
Christine Campbell: Like I remember and charging for this, for it's drinkable. Yeah, maybe that you drink it. I don't want to
Christine Campbell: I mean, I grew up with tap water.
Christine Campbell: Young kids nowadays I come here I when I worked with a bunch of kids, they could not believe
Christine Campbell: drink tap water.
Christine Campbell: Like what
Christine Campbell: You really don't like shot. They don't know
Christine Campbell: They're just grew up on bottled water.
Christine Campbell: And during an hour necessity.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: What about
Richelle Direny: Relationships.
Richelle Direny: Don't to work on a better to improving the relationship
Richelle Direny: The wrong.
Christine Campbell: No. Yeah, definitely.
Christine Campbell: Want to divorce him or nothing.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: I mean, there's been in this for 30 years that's too late it's gonna work or someone's dying.
Christine Campbell: Very thought like dating run that
Christine Campbell: Have no desire.
Christine Campbell: The lonely old cat lady.
Christine Campbell: Happy
Richelle Direny: So what do you think is going on with a relationship with your spouse, like, what, what do you think
Christine Campbell: ruffling feathers.
Richelle Direny: You guys, it's just been so long 30 years
Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Just like a difference of opinion which is a lot
Christine Campbell: You know, you know, just, he's very
Christine Campbell: Bright, I could just because you're allowed DON'T MEAN YOU'RE RIGHT, YOU KNOW, I'M SORRY Yellen when I mean serious then we just blow it off.
Christine Campbell: There's no reason to get all
Christine Campbell: The frenzy about some stupid but I tried to blow it up. I'm also have a big mouth to
Richelle Direny: Work on improving the overall relationship see between us.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, definitely.
Richelle Direny: What are some things that you think like, okay, so even in today, like you said that you guys are getting along. What do you think that contributed to
Richelle Direny: That so we can build upon
Christine Campbell: My drug use, definitely contributed do it.
Richelle Direny: free coffee together in the
Richelle Direny: Morning, you
Richelle Direny: Eat breakfast together.
Christine Campbell: In different I'm always in my room. My room we have like two living rooms away my houses the right by each other. He sleeps in the one I sleep in the other. We basically just live there, you know I'm always in my room. We don't eat in the same room, but pretty much the same.
Richelle Direny: So what about maybe making intentional try trying to at least once a week, maybe have coffee together OR HAVE YOU YOU MAKE YOU HAVE BREAKFAST TOGETHER.
Christine Campbell: Sometimes just I think it's nice. I tried to do that every once in a while. I think it's nice to do
Something
Christine Campbell: To me.
Christine Campbell: He made dinner and brought it to me the other day not believe that happened.
Christine Campbell: It don't ever happen. I was like, wow.
Christine Campbell: And it was good.
Christine Campbell: No, no, might be my smokers.
Richelle Direny: Totally work on improving the overall
Richelle Direny: Relationship and
Richelle Direny: intimacy between you and your spouse and how you will do that is will try to have
Richelle Direny: One meal together per week.
Richelle Direny: Because in that one meal. You guys can have a conversation
Richelle Direny: You know, like different things can be made, like you said it was surprised that he actually made the meal that. So if you make a meal. It
Christine Campbell: Came back
Richelle Direny: I thought that, well, you have to eat.
Richelle Direny: So I'll make the meal. So he's
Richelle Direny: Thought about you. I put
Richelle Direny: A stop making this meal.
Richelle Direny: And then I thought, oh, maybe
Richelle Direny: You put a whole lot of thought into that.
Richelle Direny: You can
Richelle Direny: Initiate it down and say okay well
Richelle Direny: Let's sit and eat.
Richelle Direny: A meal together.
Richelle Direny: And that will bring up conversation.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's how you work on in
Christine Campbell: The communication, the
Relationship.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right.
Richelle Direny: You know, I will definitely encourage, like I said, so I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
Richelle Direny: Schedule our follow up appointments
Richelle Direny: For in a week, not next week, the week after.
Richelle Direny: And then
Richelle Direny: You know, we'll just check in, but I
Richelle Direny: Definitely would encourage, like you said,
Richelle Direny: You know, one going going for your
Richelle Direny: Your psychic psychiatric appointment.
Richelle Direny: He prescribed anything
Richelle Direny: In your life.
Christine Campbell: No.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay. Well, what I definitely would hurt again.
Richelle Direny: Is that, you know, when he described like have asked any question.
Richelle Direny: If he's going to give you the same medication or a new one.
Richelle Direny: Just have a very informed. Just be very informative are just get information, having to
Richelle Direny: educate you about the medication is giving you any possible side effects and the underlining
Richelle Direny: medical issues.
Richelle Direny: You have you can share something in that
Richelle Direny: Moment. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Christine Campbell: So yeah, definitely.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You know, I would also like what you can do is effect even though
Richelle Direny: I don't know if you can talk on the phone like set like
Richelle Direny: What kind of phone do you have
Christine Campbell: An Android
Richelle Direny: You can set like on your alarm every single day.
Christine Campbell: On the calendar, I can set things
Richelle Direny: Yes, every single day at 10am your alarm go off and you know sometimes on
Some
Richelle Direny: Alarm, it will have, what is the purpose of this alarm.
Richelle Direny: That you will put
Christine Campbell: To
Richelle Direny: One task for the day.
Richelle Direny: And it seems simple but then for you.
Richelle Direny: A person with
Richelle Direny: No energy
Richelle Direny: Don't feel like that's a lot.
Christine Campbell: Right, it is
Richelle Direny: Somebody else that my team will be time for me. It's a lot. That's a lot because
Richelle Direny: I have no energy
Richelle Direny: I am
Christine Campbell: Motivated
Richelle Direny: I don't want to get out of bed so
Richelle Direny: This is
Christine Campbell: forcing me
Richelle Direny: To get up and go get something done because
Richelle Direny: Just like how you felt today.
Richelle Direny: Really good about getting something that I'm getting out of bed. It's the same way.
Christine Campbell: It's kind of
Richelle Direny: You know, like, you know,
Richelle Direny: When you're driving hard if the battery dies.
Richelle Direny: What do you do
Richelle Direny: To get somebody to get the
Richelle Direny: Table.
Richelle Direny: And what are you doing to the
Richelle Direny: Tobacco
Christine Campbell: To the batteries recharging
Richelle Direny: Your recharging it
Richelle Direny: And that's what that alarm is doing is either
Christine Campbell: recharging it
Richelle Direny: Or kind of like what those
Richelle Direny: Are
Richelle Direny: Because you're trying to get it so
Richelle Direny: That's what that alarm. So you think of it like that. My energy needs retargeting or
Richelle Direny: Think of it as those ad machines that
Richelle Direny: They're sending Shockwave see your heart. That's what it's doing to your
Richelle Direny: Energy is
Christine Campbell: Sending Shockley suit so
Richelle Direny: That's, that's what's your alarm.
Richelle Direny: So for you, exactly what does. And so each
Richelle Direny: Each time that we meet
Richelle Direny: We're going to
Richelle Direny: make reference to these goals and we're going to check
Richelle Direny: Our you're doing these goals are you continuing to comply with it.
Richelle Direny: And through you know some senior psychiatrists doing therapy. Then we'll start working on talking about those underlying issues are the things that is
Richelle Direny: Keeping your sagging.
Richelle Direny: I look at it as like, what are those shackles will check with you on your hand and
Richelle Direny: That's keeping you from attaining or going back
Richelle Direny: After what it is that you love doing.
Richelle Direny: Your talks about your heart for you. That was therapeutic for you. You said that you, it takes a lot of patients because you have a vision.
Richelle Direny: To me that's like that's a gift within the church.
Richelle Direny: Because for you. You have this vision.
Richelle Direny: You have this vision of future
Richelle Direny: This art piece.
Christine Campbell: Is going to come out looking like
Richelle Direny: You see what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and to take your time.
Richelle Direny: You understand what colors mix together to give you
Richelle Direny: The concept and the idea of what you're looking for. So because you're kind of in this place, this dark place you're not able like you're just kind of as
Richelle Direny: You're kind of in a
Richelle Direny: dark place for your tracks.
Richelle Direny: You want to go back out there and
Richelle Direny: Do what you love. But something is holding you back.
Richelle Direny: So every time that we meet in our individual session.
Richelle Direny: That's what we'll talk about
Richelle Direny: We're going to talk about what is it for whether it's that week. What are you
Richelle Direny: Keeping you love
Richelle Direny: So you're able to re identify those so that you can get that job back to your, your heart, your mind and everything.
Christine Campbell: To be able to go back
Richelle Direny: To like
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm
Richelle Direny: And then even in back.
Richelle Direny: You know, and they're empty, even though it sounds like a lot.
Richelle Direny: But they're all kind of like a working
Richelle Direny: Together all your goals.
Richelle Direny: are intertwined like your psychiatric goals, you're doing that, really, once you start
Richelle Direny: Once a month, then your alarm clock gotta, you gotta wake up every day.
Even though you're
Richelle Direny: Not gonna open your eyes.
Richelle Direny: turned on and then the other one.
Christine Campbell: Is
Richelle Direny: You got to eat at some point, you're just saying
Christine Campbell: Let me
Christine Campbell: 20 pounds.
Richelle Direny: He but
Instead of eating alone.
Richelle Direny: You're going to make an extra effort to eat with him at least one
Richelle Direny: Yeah, then you know
Richelle Direny: our time together.
Richelle Direny: We'll work on, you know, identify those things. So all of that, even though it
Richelle Direny: Seems like a lot of goals, their
Richelle Direny: Goals, that will work into your daily routine your
Christine Campbell: daily activity so
Richelle Direny: You know, you're just being if
Richelle Direny: These goals are just telling you that you're
Reaching
Richelle Direny: Before you did. It's like you are breathing.
Christine Campbell: Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now, these guys.
Richelle Direny: are telling you
Richelle Direny: You're being aware that you're being aware. I got
Christine Campbell: Sort of existing and be alive. Right.
Richelle Direny: Exactly, exactly. So that's what these goals are. They're not even though it sounds like a lot.
Richelle Direny: For you, that's
Christine Campbell: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so hold on, let's see, when
Richelle Direny: We can meet next
Richelle Direny: Let's do the 21st, which is a Tuesday at five o'clock.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Christine Campbell: Okay perfect my battery's dying right now.
Richelle Direny: So just put it on your calendar and of course I remind you again in group.
Christine Campbell: Okay, yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Christina, so I will see you on Thursday. Are you coming to the 12 o'clock or six o'clock.
Christine Campbell: I'm probably the 12
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: At least as long as you know that you have that option.
Christine Campbell: Okay. Yeah, that's great. Okay.
Christine Campbell: All right.
See you.
Richelle Direny: Know what happened because I'm sitting here waiting on you. And I'm like, my god, he's taking mighty long to join.
Brandon H: Yeah, I've been joined instance three to six.
Richelle Direny: Oh, because I said it's a good thing. I checked my soul I
Brandon H: Was about to text and Braveheart help text number asked where he was
Brandon H: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Did you get my message just
Brandon H: No, I never get any text message. I haven't got a text message from my personal meetings ever
Richelle Direny: Have your
Brandon H: Number, though.
Richelle Direny: I believe. OK. So the one that you just text, tell me that you are that you're waiting on me. That's the bond through bright heart. Hold on. This is the number
Richelle Direny: One. Hold on, let me give
Brandon H: That one before.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's what I checked and I saw, I saw your message here. This is the one that you should be the messages to hold on. Okay.
Brandon H: I have another one to a different one. I got a server I save every number I get from you guys.
Richelle Direny: Okay hold on here. What is your number, Brandon.
Richelle Direny: Or 581610 234-458-1610
Correct.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I just sent you a message.
Richelle Direny: Tell me if you got me.
Brandon H: Yes 561 number
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's the number you send me messages on
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm like this is weird. So I'm like, what, where's T, but then when I smite my my arm to look at my zoom. That's when I saw it didn't send me an alert to say you were here because I'm like, it's April my long for him to come in.
Brandon H: I checked in with them and everything this time.
Brandon H: He loved the first few times I didn't check in one
Brandon H: This time I checked in with admissions, though.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah, now
Richelle Direny: Now they're they're recommending that everyone checks in really
Richelle Direny: Early because the wait times are really long.
Brandon H: Yeah. It took me about 12 minutes I checked in a quarter to
Richelle Direny: So yeah, I think when I send out my reminders. I'm going to start telling everyone
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna put a disclaimer on there. Please check in at least 30 minutes before your scheduled appointment, just in case, just at least if you come in, even if you leave your thing on idol and then you just come in front because
Richelle Direny: Apparently they're taking. It's because so much because of everybody being home and everybody doing Zoom is taking a longer time.
Richelle Direny: So, but I'm happy you're here and I thought that maybe what time do you get off for
Brandon H: 11pm to 6am
Brandon H: I worked in the group home.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but the
Brandon H: One.
Brandon H: I was doing the roofing job when I was in last group meetings.
Richelle Direny: You said a roofing
Brandon H: Remember I was on a car.
Richelle Direny: Last two. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I thought you were working for Amazon or something.
Brandon H: No, I worked for a DD group home.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so that, so those two days. I thought you on you. I picked up more hours with the with your job.
Brandon H: No, I picked up a roofing job with my uncle and my cousin. They're both one's a retired schoolteacher and wants to school teacher currently into briefing on the side.
Richelle Direny: Gotcha, gotcha. Also, you were just working with
Richelle Direny: Him.
Brandon H: Yeah, sorry, they're texting me back on that other number that says respond. Yes, meeting is going on is that was the home.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, no, I told him the same thing. I think it was it was it was a combination of two things. I think you sent me the message and where I saw it.
Richelle Direny: That's, you know, that was me. I was the one I was the one that text you
Richelle Direny: That to say, are you in this number. I was the one that sent you that message. So that was before we I signed on here so we're I you're good now. Okay.
Brandon H: Who does that go to that the other number
Richelle Direny: It's where you're, you're, you're, it's like your medical chart that I'm in it has the ability to send you messages.
Brandon H: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Let's see that see that, so where I sent you that message. Initially, I used to use that as my mode of communication, but then I don't always have access to that or I'm not always in front of it in comparison to get an actual text message.
On my phone.
Richelle Direny: So that's the reason why anytime you need to communicate with me that 561 number. That's what you communicate with me, sir.
Brandon H: Okay, I got saved, already I say the other one is brain hurt how chart number
Richelle Direny: Yeah, no, you don't have to send just send me from that system. I'll always be able to respond to those 561 number
Brandon H: To get ahold of them present my save it as an extra
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon H: And I also have
Brandon H: Another text number they texted me on one time for nine to 53657241 somebody reaches out to me on
Richelle Direny: What did it say
Brandon H: It was just for like a prescription or some, a while ago I couldn't get
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, no, I don't know that number, then I don't know that that's, um,
I say
Richelle Direny: All right, let me pull up here so I'm kind of like using this arm.
Richelle Direny: Update for treatment plans.
Richelle Direny: You don't see a psychiatrist, do your branding.
Brandon H: Yes, Dr.
Brandon H: Coleman health
Brandon H: And Kim.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you go, you see him monthly
Brandon H: Every three months now. Good, same as every time with nothing changes.
Richelle Direny: So you see her parents were for
Brandon H: Him, but I will see in Tokyo scene and Andrea conquest.
Brandon H: inform you that since you guys are doing the same. Are you considering the same counseling as her
Richelle Direny: I was explaining. I was explaining that to somebody else, because that's it seems like it's a, I don't know if it's in Ohio. When you see a psychiatrist that they recommend that maybe that psychiatrists have a therapist in their office.
Brandon H: Know this, the separate. This is conquest, where I had to switch over to get my message. My Suboxone when I wasn't on probation.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean, I recommend this is what I recommend.
Richelle Direny: If you're seeing that person outside. You know, I can just see you once every couple of months just to do your treatment plan, but, um, it would be the same thing. That's why I don't, you know, to have two therapists consistently that you're seeing all the time.
Richelle Direny: It's like
Brandon H: I might get charged because I'm on Medicaid and they might charge me if I see the same type of person twice.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Richelle Direny: No, it wouldn't be a charge to the same time person would all be it would be all about the treatment plan and what what
Richelle Direny: So like, let's say that to be a mental health counselor.
Richelle Direny: And then maybe this would
Be
Richelle Direny: That was
Richelle Direny: She was
Brandon H: He was counseling me through my Suboxone doctor
Richelle Direny: So yeah, then it will be the same thing. Yeah, then it wouldn't be the same thing.
Brandon H: I told her I check it out and stick with you guys, but I just want to see her anymore so charged me privately, because I'll be seeing same person.
Richelle Direny: type person, good one. Yeah, you're doing the same thing. You're it's like double billing just two different arm. I think the only the difference between her and in this is that this you're doing over zoom meeting where her it was her you would you would go to an actual facility. Yes.
Richelle Direny: And what was the psychiatrists was treating you for site depression. And what else
Brandon H: Anxiety because I take
Brandon H: Abilify for depression because it works better than the brain and depressing to these to take them together.
Brandon H: And I take this the wrong for
Brandon H: Today,
Brandon H: Hey,
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of looking at you're looking at the treatment plan. So you're seeing the psychiatry every three months. Um it as it's related to your anxiety. How long have you been taking the medication or you've been seeing the psychiatrists for anxiety and depression.
Brandon H: I'm a novena almost a character since I was 20 years old.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Brandon H: Last 20 years
Richelle Direny: Okay. Do you feel like your anxiety or your depression has gotten any better, it's like kind of stuck.
Brandon H: With the current with the current meds are helpful. I've had a lot of measure wer now phone, but these are pretty helpful.
Richelle Direny: What do you find that makes it helpful for you.
Brandon H: Hey vilified is kind of
Brandon H: Stabilizes my mood and was this road is kind of takes a little bit the job selling a benzo but it does similar effects.
Richelle Direny: But as it's related to being able to being in a stable place, mentally, emotionally, how has it improved overall where you're able to be more in control. I am in identifying and being in control of your anxiety and your depression.
Brandon H: They're just as effective drugs. I've taken I've taken a lot of different antidepressants like home.
Brandon H: Yeah, there's not many anxiety drugs are taken like visual effects in or whatever. What helps with anxiety or there's another one to help with anxiety.
Richelle Direny: It helps to take the edge off to be anxious
Brandon H: Yes, the Mr specifically hydroxycut specifically does anxiety. There's like been affecting does that. And there's another one, but it also helps with anxiety.
Richelle Direny: takes the edge off. So it's kind of like it's somewhat
Brandon H: Are actually antidepressants are known to help with anxiety.
Brandon H: Is actually made towards it.
Richelle Direny: But in terms of but in terms of being able to identify those triggers and those um
Brandon H: Yes, social setting.
Brandon H: social settings triggers me to get anxious
Richelle Direny: It wasn't now that you're saying like there was this, there was this movie that I watched
Richelle Direny: Like the kid had like really bad anxiety. I'm not arguing like really action movies like with a lot of these movies that they're taking from comic books, and they're making them out there making them and
Richelle Direny: So there's this one particular one where the movie started and he had like really, really bad anxiety.
Richelle Direny: I don't know at what point that you recognize it, but like you could tell like he had really, really, really, really bad anxiety and he would take the medication and
Richelle Direny: It was in the setting where he lived right next to our train station and it was, I can't think of the name of the movie. It had Samuel L. Jackson in there, but he played like the bad guy and
Brandon H: Oh, okay.
Brandon H: Bruce Willis.
Richelle Direny: Was Bruce Willis like that father
Brandon H: Yeah, he was the guy who was super strong, he had to be in any other guy was
Brandon H: Like 25 personalities.
Richelle Direny: I can't, I can't even think of it was Bruce Willis, because it was towards the end of the movie he found out
Richelle Direny: That the person that he was fighting or the person that you know they had sent him to like fight or get rid of was actually his father, but he had, like, super, super hearing. He has he had the ability to, like, super focused on something I'm
Richelle Direny: Like, I can't, I can't, I cannot for the life of me think of the movie. I can't envision the movie in my head and I can't for the life of me think of the movie, but he was
Richelle Direny: Talking metal, but it was a more of a recent one. It was more of a recent one. Um, wasn't
Brandon H: New Joker's amazing it's about psycho men's
No.
Richelle Direny: No, this is the Joker.
Brandon H: Joker. The new one. It's about him being
Brandon H: City taking them away from the funding he loses it dude not being on his medication realistic.
Richelle Direny: Oh really, I mean,
Brandon H: Very realistic.
Brandon H: For you, is that good.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but I think it also did something to his psyche, the actual movie person, the actual
Richelle Direny: Actor. It did.
Brandon H: Die. That was he's legend as as you did the Joker previously.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, like the psychological impact it had no the new person I heard an interview that it did something saying psychologically works. He said he has to consider whether or not they will. He will do it again, but
Brandon H: Oh, crap. Lauren free into a heavy sugar, Jay. Jay, do a QPR can you I am o'clock when Kathleen finish.
Richelle Direny: The Harlequin
Brandon H: Know the data jumpers of Phoenix hawkwind Phoenix.
Richelle Direny: I can't say it right
Richelle Direny: Yep, no. But then in this movie. I was thinking about like the way he had like really bad anxiety. But the one thing is that no matter how much he took these medications to control his anxiety.
Richelle Direny: At some point in the movie he realized that what he was suppressing was whatever what was really going on in him and throughout the movie he learned to identify
Richelle Direny: That his anxiety was due to something that can kept triggering
Richelle Direny: His anxiety attacks like he kept having anxiety attacks, but it's just one thing. Like you know you have anxiety, you know, something, something is making you anxious
Richelle Direny: You're taking these medications to lessen the effects or the impact or the intensity of the anxiety attacks.
Richelle Direny: But it is the medications are to bring you to a stable place so that you're able to get to that place where you're to identify what is the source.
Richelle Direny: What is causing these anxiety attacks, whether it is people a particular smell something that you hear what exactly is causing these anti anxiety attacks. If it's a sound.
Richelle Direny: Is it something that relates back to something that occurred in your past that every time you hear this particular sound. It reminds you of something in the past. And that's what brings on the anxiety. Those unresolved issues from the past, that reminds you of these things that you may
Richelle Direny: You know,
Brandon H: Mines earlier sounder incident or specific little thing is more when I was young and social settings I got real nervous and know what to
Brandon H: Say I was quiet and I'm still have that today, sometimes
Brandon H: You get older, but some of it was natural. Some of it I just had to get over
Richelle Direny: Sometimes, and
Brandon H: I am who I am.
Richelle Direny: So for you, it's people is social settings.
Richelle Direny: So let's come up with a goal for. So let's talk through this because I'm going to come up. We're gonna have some goals.
Richelle Direny: Like maybe two or three goals that will work through you being able to, so like okay for you specifically their social settings being
Richelle Direny: It's the difference in understanding. Is it just is it that you're shy or is it that you just don't do well with changes or being in social settings or for you. You have to slowly gravitate to a change because
Richelle Direny: Change is something that you welcome so quickly and so readily
Brandon H: Is on a social setting. I mean, sometimes words are like family exist on
Brandon H: Right in
Richelle Direny: So that. Okay, so then it goes to and it leads right into, like, um, so I have this I have two sons. I have middle son and for him. I read I recognize from he was younger. He doesn't adapt to changes very readily
Richelle Direny: I would always notice that he's okay with being around people, but you can't just take him and just put them in a new
Richelle Direny: In a new group of people in a new setting just like that and expect him to adapt to that new environment and that new set of people that he doesn't know you have to slowly, kind of like baby steps introduced him to the setting.
Richelle Direny: So I thought to myself, you know, even for my child when I recognize that being a fully aware of it and recognizing it. How can I combat that without it having
Richelle Direny: A such a negative psychological impact on him in the moment, or even something that will have an impact on him later in life where he doesn't recognize
Richelle Direny: That these anxiety attacks or these feelings of anxiety or these certain these things in life that that has an impact on him and he doesn't recognize it. It's all about why address it.
Richelle Direny: When younger, kind of like you with social settings. So one of the things that I did notice it's that
Richelle Direny: If, say like if you came around him. It's not like so, like you said, let's say you're his uncle. It's not that he has a problem with seen his uncle or being around his uncle.
Richelle Direny: Is that each time that you come, it's a slow reintroduction to being in the presence. So I noticed. Every time someone would come over you know this person, like, why are you running away. And why are you hiding
Richelle Direny: He seemed like he would run and he would hide, he will go in the room and he would close the door.
Richelle Direny: And we're like, what are you doing come out of the room, kind of the room. It's not like you don't know the people you know them. Like, why are you doing, it's your family.
Richelle Direny: So that I had to learn. It's that I had to talk him down. I had to be able to identify it and then say, Oh, let's do this together.
Richelle Direny: And it's not like forcing you into the situation because sourcing you into the situation, it's only getting deeper fear. It's like injecting deeper
Richelle Direny: In you about being around because you're so self conscious about doing something wrong saying something wrong or person looking at us, sir.
Richelle Direny: So it is identifying what is caught like what cost, even to your anxiety. Is it fear is it anxiety is it you thinking your, your, your, your, it's. Is it a self esteem issue. It's identifying. It's kind of like peeling it back like it's working. That's how you work through
Brandon H: Very reserved
Brandon H: Like I said, we're not gonna be awesome. It's not good.
Richelle Direny: No, no. And you and that's it it's. That's it.
Richelle Direny: Not having a day for you, have you just kind of met. So did your parents ever tell you
Richelle Direny: That you were just kind of like that child in comparison to your brother, cuz I know you said you have a brother in comparison to your brother, you were just always more of an observer and China.
Brandon H: Yeah, he was more time than Iowa's
Richelle Direny: You were he was an extrovert. You were more of an introvert.
Richelle Direny: In growing up. Do feel socially. He was more accepted, then you weren't
Brandon H: Allowed it around this was this was who I was. I was popular and stuff with all different groups of my school people I was a jock shows a Java guy didn't want to
Richelle Direny: Just get good grades your
Shiny
Brandon H: Yeah, I didn't pick on people.
Brandon H: Affiliated with the form kids the Dell, the kids. It was nice. Everybody this popular that way.
Brandon H: But did you
Example, not by talking
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So for you, did you own and accept who you are and thought in the end cured. Not much about how other people start in responded to you.
You being an introvert.
Brandon H: And that's the point where I just accepted that was quiet when when I got to college. It was a whole different way they taught you to communicate.
Brandon H: A lot of BS goes along with education, I believe, and
Brandon H: How fancy, you can talk or how you know what I mean, I didn't care for that like to put others down
Brandon H: So so college was
Brandon H: clicks and colleagues were like they'll try to talk around you were above you. And really, they're just using fancy words and stuff. And it just they make people feel real small like normal people, but then are uneducated is to me. I was wrong.
Brandon H: So I didn't participate well with that.
Brandon H: Understood. When you hear a lot about people.
Richelle Direny: So you care a lot about people.
Brandon H: Yeah kind person very caring person.
Brandon H: being mean to people.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so with you being it's funny. You're just treat it as much as he introvert, just like that same issues have a problem with being mean to people or unkind to people or saw the injustice is of other P. Yeah.
Brandon H: Some people get picked on. Right.
Richelle Direny: Now,
For you.
Richelle Direny: So you stuck up for a lot of people
Richelle Direny: But then for you, having such a great quality of being a
Richelle Direny: Warm hearted.
Richelle Direny: Person who saw the injustices of other people and wanted to offer your assistance in some way, maybe, hence why you kind of work in the field or the environment that you work in now.
Brandon H: The problem was, for myself, old time I take a lot of seven people I knew they were talking about me or down on me and I just kind of ignored it like so we're
Richelle Direny: Now in you ignoring it. Did you ignore it with confidence that hey you know what it is what it is. It's like your opinion, your perspective, I am who I am. Did you do it that way.
Brandon H: Sometimes when I reflected back on it, it was negative, like I should have said something or I should have never associated with the cool kids or whatever kids and
Brandon H: The party crowd and this and that. But now I'm just like accepting it is it is what it is. People are
Richelle Direny: What did you do you accept it to you, except school, you are now.
Brandon H: Now, I do not totally confident, but I have a lot of issues for conference. I got dentures at 40 overweight losing my hair, I don't have a wife. I don't have my own kids you know my own family. I should have my age.
Richelle Direny: So for you, your perspective of how you think life should be for you at this point in time. It's not what it is. So a lot of yourself.
Brandon H: I've learned to come to terms with it like I got a simple one.
Brandon H: When I first got that chance program. The, the, whatever those clothes.
Brandon H: We did you, Tony raised, I really went down on myself and was terrible to myself. Like, I'm all the things I said I was like crying all the time and stuff. But now I just can't deal with it.
Richelle Direny: Would you say so. Because I would think that your, is your low self confidence leads back to some low self esteem, because as you just pointed it out, you're
Brandon H: Getting better now.
Brandon H: I went through.
Brandon H: Things going on. I mentioned, but I just take it as it is. People don't like it, so be it.
Richelle Direny: But are you confident in what you just said.
Hmm.
Richelle Direny: They take whatever
Brandon H: Yeah, they get to that point. All right. And finally, just say it don't matter. Um, no I don't worry about when my parents think so much anymore. I don't worry about what my grandmother, whoever thing sure people in society or people who judge you. I don't care.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that way. I mean, I care about myself. I don't
Brandon H: Care what others do.
Brandon H: About
Richelle Direny: Me so it's all the one thing that pops into my mind when you when you say what you're saying it's the concept of
Richelle Direny: Do you think that at this point. Now, what has kind of helped you to get through those bouts of anxiety or even depression and
Richelle Direny: Has improved your self esteem and having some improved self confidence. It's because you are you now have self love like you. You love the skin, you're in. You love who you are right now and
Richelle Direny: We
Brandon H: Like to make, but I just got to work on day to day
Richelle Direny: What type of
Brandon H: Law being more sociable being more outgoing being more accepting of my past and not to beat myself up about it. Just being more happy finding that happiness. I need to find be happy with myself, my life.
Richelle Direny: Can you change your past anything that's in it.
Brandon H: No. Can I change my past, he said.
Brandon H: Yeah, no. Yeah, change.
Brandon H: You
Brandon H: Can change how you what happened.
Richelle Direny: To change.
Brandon H: Them again.
Richelle Direny: What do you say,
Richelle Direny: When you say you could change how you fit in what way.
Brandon H: Is except that what you did what you did and learn from it.
Richelle Direny: And
Brandon H: Just learn history.
Richelle Direny: Not to repeat again.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. And, um, but in all of that. Have you because I think it starts with self love loving yourself accepting who you are and knowing that
Richelle Direny: You've done things in your past.
Richelle Direny: You can't do anything about it. But now you're on this road of recovery. This road of
Richelle Direny: I'm just having a renewed mind and just a new view of life.
Brandon H: Yeah, pretty much.
Richelle Direny: And in doing so, um, do you, I know you you sometimes you say you'll see your brother, and you go to your, your nephews events that they have sporting events.
Richelle Direny: How often
Richelle Direny: How often do you do that.
Brandon H: Well, not now, but in the past. I was going pretty frequently do the football or basketball and the corona happen to
Richelle Direny: The turtle have a baseball season. Well, yeah, it ain't nothing going on outside, outside of work. You're an essential worker.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so and having social anxiety. Hey, I mean, there's not really a whole lot going on there, either because you can't go anywhere.
Brandon H: Right. Why don't you
Brandon H: Just in this like intimate. Intimate settings I guess where it's more intimate more up close in a store out and about it, don't bother me, but I get along quite well with my kids to be more touchy. I guess I get more anxious
Richelle Direny: If you had if you if you had a partner. Do you think that your anxiety would be less
Richelle Direny: Or
Brandon H: Shame.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Brandon H: I had a girlfriend. I think I'd be less usually I had long term girlfriends in the past that was helpful.
Brandon H: Right one fits perfectly though.
Brandon H: I don't know, just having somebody there judging back all the time and helpful.
Richelle Direny: You said, have the right one that fits perfectly. If you find the perfect one. You just need
Brandon H: Enough to where I can say okay I can lose this rest of my life.
You know,
Richelle Direny: Well, I guess it comes down to you, identifying what is it that you're looking for.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because everything is all about perspective. Yes.
It is
Richelle Direny: It's about how you view life. It's about how you view everything and based on the lens that you're looking through that determines you know the next move you make it determines just how you view the world.
Richelle Direny: Yes, and how you think the world should operate and how you fit into that.
Brandon H: Well, speaking of partners. I'm going to go on matter the harmony or something. But I was waiting to finish that Miss program. So I was financially able to have a girlfriend is right now I can early. I can take care of myself. That's it.
Brandon H: I couldn't afford a girlfriend.
Brandon H: You know, I mean, I'm being honest.
Brandon H: So once I get
Brandon H: That right now. No, I couldn't afford to take somebody else out the pay the tab and by him movies and nice things and
Richelle Direny: He's okay. So you just played right into exactly what I just said. The lens of life that you're looking through you have this it's giving you this perceptive this perspective, this perception.
Richelle Direny: That you did. A B C D E F G in order to have a girlfriend. And if you don't fit into this description. You can't have a girlfriend, because the reality of it. The reality of it is, if two people have a mutual interest in each other and it starts off as a friendship. Do you think that
Richelle Direny: Each person will not say hey you know i understand i mean
Brandon H: Yeah, I have a girl like that. I'm really good friends with. And are you still there. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Brandon H: I'm really good friends with. And we've
Brandon H: talked recently and she didn't really bad spot and we've been friends for 20 some years we've been dated 20 years ago.
Brandon H: But we shall remain friends, off and on.
Richelle Direny: Throughout the years,
Brandon H: And she's gonna probably need a place to stay at and I've offered her, she could probably come to my place, you know, and never went back out again. Who knows, I mean,
Brandon H: I'm just saying I can't afford a girlfriend right now if we went out and said, hey, you want to go on a date. We don't pay for to
Brandon H: Do that.
Richelle Direny: I think those are just
Brandon H: Extra things for myself, let alone a woman.
Brandon H: Or after that, or anything, but I am a gentleman I prefer to pay for the meal and pay for the movie and pay for whatever else goes on.
Brandon H: In
Brandon H: A manner or
Brandon H: Whatnot
Brandon H: I just don't have enough take care of my. Sorry, I'm gonna take care of myself, let alone to
Brandon H: splurge on somebody else.
Brandon H: I feel terrible. I had a girl was his
Brandon H: Pants for everything for me is, once you're right.
What I feel bad about that.
Brandon H: I mean it happens in today's society, but I don't know. I don't necessarily do that.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, if you follow today's society. I think we, I think we are
Richelle Direny: Because of how today's society things. I think it puts a whole lot of stressors on us.
Brandon H: Of how relationships.
Brandon H: Wide open out there is a free
Richelle Direny: Society. Today everything
Richelle Direny: Anything goes. Everything goes in today's society chivalry is dead.
Brandon H: Yeah, it is.
Brandon H: Exactly.
Richelle Direny: You want it. You want to be able to have it all together, to be able to, to, to take a woman out on a decent date and pay for it, open the car door.
Brandon H: Pull out the chair. I like to do that. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a based society. What are you talking about you doing what I have my own door. What you mean I've been affected happy for my own food. How about you pay for your
Brandon H: That's today society. Yeah, one on Dutch days before but that's after death. No, not just met him.
Brandon H: Once you open the door things, not because the woman's helpless porn or share out or you know give
Brandon H: Me a nice right here. I'll give you, I'll give the
Richelle Direny: Gentlemen. What you're talking about is being a gentleman, but then in today's society. It's not as reciprocated as how at this father. Your grandfather was were in pursues a woman, not the other way around.
Richelle Direny: In today's society.
Richelle Direny: I see you, I think you're appealing. I'm going to pursue you hard now society, a woman proposes to a man named society.
Brandon H: wouldn't bother me. You
Brandon H: Know, I mean, I'm all for women empowerment I equality and all that it doesn't. I like women. They're powerful and take care of themselves and outspoken and
Brandon H: So long as you're, you know, correct about it not like being crazy about it. You know what I mean, there's some women out there is a table to for you guys to
Brandon H: As long as they're the ones that in a respectful manner and is a powerhouse of a woman. That doesn't bother me at all.
Brandon H: Our bosses and that that doesn't bother me.
Brandon H: I've worked for women before add feel that were charged the company and
Brandon H: Actually kind of liked it working for women are more compassionate things
Brandon H: They're more understanding on my
Brandon H: Point my life, I realized girls are smarter than guys has a much better, much faster.
Brandon H: Smarter woman very easily.
Brandon H: The scientific fact that women.
Brandon H: The left and the right brain more than a guy could ever imagine.
Anything.
Brandon H: More sensitive to multitask and do 10 things at once. You know, I can't do that.
Richelle Direny: Hold on, I'm working on your as you're speaking
Richelle Direny: Working on trying to know develop
Richelle Direny: Your treatment plan.
Brandon H: Plan or whatever it was I forget what she said to the plans record. I've done a lot of those my past, we had to make a new one is sick as same as your one. Hopefully, but
Brandon H: ISP or record.
Richelle Direny: Self care routine.
Brandon H: So care, we mean you
Richelle Direny: Know self care like for you. I'm like, how do you, what is your own self care what are like a hobby or something that you do because the reality is, especially with someone with social anxiety I can definitely see different depression.
Richelle Direny: Because when you're sitting to yourself, you know, more isolated mean unaware isolation, you tend to stay in your head, you're not really doing anything that you enjoy. And so you sit with those thoughts, all the time and
Brandon H: I was doing that last
Brandon H: Spring. I was walking every day at the parks really helps a lot achieve to get back to doing stuff like that I do in Planet Fitness. But I can't go there because of the corona. But I got some weights in my own home. I can use. I got a
Brandon H: Whatever those are called versus a be
Brandon H: Fancy Dumbo that and lounge and bicycle.
Brandon H: Me if I get active. It helps me 100% good
Brandon H: I spending my own mind is saying there for mountain moving around. It doesn't have it goes away or
Brandon H: You know, like you're saying
Richelle Direny: But, but even if to be an active like whether it's exercise, like you were saying that for you. Your kind of your self image, how you view your, your yourself, your physical self as being what you're saying you've identified as being overweight.
Richelle Direny: If you feel like that.
Would be
Richelle Direny: But then if you're not able to go to the gym, you have a lot of these channels that you can do little things like maybe before bed or when you get up before work or you come home after work, and you do like maybe a 30 minute exercise, whether it's a power walk in place.
Brandon H: The matter of knowing. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. So then one of the things that is identify at least at least one daily self care routine set an alarm for yourself whether it is whatever is more appropriate for you is before work after work.
Richelle Direny: at whatever point in the day that you're intentional about you know what every day when I wake up.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to set my alarm. I'm going to wake up and I'm going to turn since I can't go to the gym.
Richelle Direny: I can either walk around the community for maybe 30 minutes or I could turn on the TV where they have so many different workout programs that you're now doing and you can just watch it into it. I remember years ago.
A when the we came out.
Richelle Direny: I think it was the it was one video game like I was playing with some kids and
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yeah, with all of the with the game itself because you're using your body was picking up your body like I was playing with a kid and I remember, I think it was my husband and I like when I say the next day. My body was in so much pain.
Richelle Direny: And then we thought we thought to ourselves, we should get this video game for herself. Because that you're you're
Richelle Direny: Involved in the movement of your whole body to play this game. It was a great exercise routine. So we thought to ourselves, we will get the video game. And this is what we will do as the way to exercise.
Richelle Direny: And encouraged now whether I did a conversation. What the thought was, it's to get in in your homework. You're not physically having to get up and go out
Richelle Direny: Find a way to do it.
Brandon H: It's just a matter of motivation to do that within my own
Brandon H: Started to do it several times and I'll do it again.
Richelle Direny: What what what what I'm hinder you if you set an alarm, what would be the best time if you do it in your home.
Brandon H: To motivation to get up.
Brandon H: at 6am came home and did is then then just go to bed after that then do a little bit evening for
Richelle Direny: So, what time do you usually get home.
Brandon H: After six in the morning.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you live. So you work with pretty fairly close to where you live.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Okay.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, like, maybe I'd like 630 or 615 your alarm goes off in your remind you to do some type of like maybe a 10 minute, whether it's a job or walk in your community.
Brandon H: Need to I was using for a while. You ever heard of those
Brandon H: The rocking chair.
Brandon H: rocking chair. It's very yeah
Brandon H: For the stomach.
Richelle Direny: I have one. It's something you have to pull yourself up. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah yeah
Brandon H: I have an exercise bike and I have the
Brandon H: research was that pleases fantasy waves all the kinds of gyms and stuff, but they're adjustable dumbbells. So I got 55 down to five, I can adjust them with way to use dumbbells.
Brandon H: As can think of the name owner, the brand names are very expensive. A pretty like $600 for you guys from five to 55 two and a half.
Brandon H: Yeah, just to know different ways.
Brandon H: Yeah.
Brandon H: And then you just have to wait to you have a whole set of dumbbells that are packed into one dumbbells that
Richelle Direny: So it sounds like, Oh, wow. So it sounds like you have some
Brandon H: Motivation.
Brandon H: I had a hand grip, things like that. He got 100 times or 50 times or me time to give them
Brandon H: The hand. It has a knuckle breaths and he just like a triangle. He just grip on like a suck up with us tennis ball bus and grips. I started on those a little bit different is wiped me out. But I want to get stay in the banner and sheep movement.
Brandon H: And then three days of roughing it killed me. But it felt good to be my body's loosened up again and I'm
Brandon H: Moving again.
Brandon H: For to all week and it killed me. I can go to bed.
Richelle Direny: So then it brings me into so like the one goal here is to at least identify at least one daily self care routine objective set a daily alarm after work at 6:15am
Richelle Direny: To remind selves to complete a 30 minute exercise. But then your other goal kind of goes into it identify those triggers to decrease motivation. Like, what do you think are some of those triggers to your decreased motivation in doing any of it.
Brandon H: What do I think he's being lazy talking myself out of it, no excuse.
Brandon H: You know, I didn't do it.
Richelle Direny: And that is the truth. That is the truth. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: We do talk ourselves out of doing something all the time, so maybe I'm for you is, you know, and it's
Richelle Direny: It's like positive self talk to the minute you will have for one negative thought you identify two or three positive things to come to counteract that negative self talk
Brandon H: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Or that negative self talk
Brandon H: Yes matter no
Brandon H: I got 1000 excuses, especially in the morning. If I don't do it first thing in the morning. I'm not going to do it because I'll just say like it all day I got from 6am to 1030 at night. I got all day and next thing you know it's 1039 to noon. Awesome.
Brandon H: You know, as well. I'll tell myself I can do it after I take a nap or I can do it after lunch, or do it every shot can do it, but never do it. So I gotta do it right in the morning. First thing to get it done whatever going to get in the routine.
Richelle Direny: Do you have, do you have when you for a support accountability partners.
Brandon H: And nobody really I'm by myself when I see my parents are supporter. But isn't that really I
Brandon H: They sold their home or go on to do their own thing and I get all involved in their stuff again.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I have. So let's, let's just do this for now just these few um
Richelle Direny: These few goals without over on
Richelle Direny: So we're going to work on, you know, identifying how your overall social anxiety has an impact on your decision making skills.
Richelle Direny: Because, because you have these exact because you're, you have this in the anxiousness. It has a bigger impact on your decision making skills like how you like you determine how you do things because
Richelle Direny: Even something like you said, you think about, Okay, you know what, I'm going to go on match.com
Richelle Direny: But because of the anxiety of all when I can't even take care of this. The negative self talk you lose motivation in fulfilling what it is that you desire. So for the one negative thought something negative self thoughts, you're going to find three things to
Richelle Direny: Overcome or combat that negative talk so that you can make a more informed decision of how you're going to push forth push past this anxiety to do something.
Richelle Direny: So like all your goals are kind of like intertwined with each other.
Brandon H: They are
So,
Brandon H: Looked at, like you're examining right now and I know what you mean. I agree with you. Hundred percent just a matter of that motivation.
Richelle Direny: It's a matter of motivation, because even if you want it to go on.
Richelle Direny: What did you call it, what is the thing. What is the dating site called match.
Brandon H: Or winning here, whatever.
Richelle Direny: Whatever any one of those songs
Brandon H: Here on
Richelle Direny: Any one of those those dating sites if you want it to go on it. No, not that I'm promoting any. But if it's something that you want to do.
Richelle Direny: You just the one idea of doing it. You just identify something negative. Oh well, I ain't gonna have no money to pay for him. I gave him a hard to take care of myself. You see how that negative talk just
Richelle Direny: You're like, oh, you have no motivation to go forth and do it. So now you're going to find
Richelle Direny: Three nuggets and venue talks about, okay, my weight. I have this and I have that. So you have all these things that is kind of pulling your these triggers that's pulling away your motivation so well.
Richelle Direny: I have AB lounger I have a TV. I have all these different things to do it. And like you said, I get off work at six in the morning. If I don't do it.
Richelle Direny: Let me just throw myself into right after work. I'm already up in a way. Let me go to my workout routine. I could go lay down afterwards. Now I feel energized, I feel better now. Overall, you're going to now feel good about yourself.
Richelle Direny: You're going to be you're going to feel good about yourself image and that alone will give you a boost of self confidence.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So I think that um you know even whether we meet individually or we meet in group that is something that you can talk about we just throw out there you know what it is that for that day.
Richelle Direny: Is that you identify it was a trigger to
Richelle Direny: Your anxiety for you, your social life. What was the trigger for that. Was it because you went in a place and people were looking at you, longer than expected or somebody
Richelle Direny: You have you ever been in a place where somebody gave you a look and use you you personalize that look that person wasn't even thinking about you. They had no thoughts with you.
Richelle Direny: You just happen to walk right in the moment when they just had a look on their face.
Richelle Direny: And they're looking
Richelle Direny: At you
Richelle Direny: Like
Richelle Direny: Excuse me. What are you talking about, I didn't look at you. Yes, you just did. No, I didn't. But you just took whatever saw they were having and whatever grimness they
Brandon H: Couldn't hear
Richelle Direny: For themselves. You just personalize it
Richelle Direny: And now, guess what that did to your anxiety. Guess what that did to your depression.
Richelle Direny: That's what you
Richelle Direny: It made it all worth simply because of your perception.
Richelle Direny: How you view the world the lens in which you're looking at the world in because you're already going about looking at this lens with us with a negative self image with a negative everything
Brandon H: personals I used to. It looks like that. I can't get a friend or
Brandon H: Whatever.
Richelle Direny: But
Brandon H: Anyway,
Richelle Direny: I caught myself. The other day I was talking to a few people. And someone said something, but in the moment, someone said something I had this look. But then my look was actually connected to a message that flash across my screen.
Richelle Direny: Right, so I read the message that flashed
Richelle Direny: Across my screen. And I was like, but then the person who said what then I was like, oh, I hope that person didn't think my Grimace was related to what they said.
Richelle Direny: It's like two things happen simultaneously I showed a reaction to the one and then I'm like, man, I hope. But then sometimes we can't. I think
Richelle Direny: I think, as a society, we have learned we have come to that place where we personalize everything that everybody does that had nothing to do with you. And so that overall just
Richelle Direny: It increases our anxiety.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I'm going to leave it with those just took those two goals, those three goals and then we'll check in on
Richelle Direny: Thursday, like I said, you have the option of the known or the six on Thursday.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: All right, let's look
Brandon H: What is the most crowded.
Brandon H: New nurse.
Richelle Direny: Surprisingly, they were both just this big. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they were both just
Brandon H: Smallest one get out early.
Richelle Direny: Look,
Richelle Direny: We haven't even finished the goal yet, you just bought something that
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, um, let's meet
Richelle Direny: On the 22nd at six.
Richelle Direny: At six
Brandon H: Got it.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So I will see you on
Richelle Direny: Thursday. Yes.
Richelle Direny: All right then, Brandon. So, have a good evening and stay safe. All right.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Rhi Rhi R: Okay. How you doing,
Richelle Direny: I'm good, how are you
Rhi Rhi R: I am good. I don't feel very good. But I'm good. I'm a little
Rhi Rhi R: I think it's just allergies, though.
Rhi Rhi R: But it's nice. All of a sudden, you know, I mean,
Rhi Rhi R: Well, I don't know. It's a nice down where you are, where you are all the time. Oh, you're so lucky.
Richelle Direny: You guys, it was really nice for the past few days, it was kind of like cloudy. I'm like overcast from the past but but it's been like even
Richelle Direny: Like a few days ago even last week. It was really nice and sunny and it was just gorgeous outside
Rhi Rhi R: Of
Rhi Rhi R: Tea. It was nice. It was okay for last couple days. But then we get to Chile and I think for me, not having a you know coat coat your soul jacket. I got a little bit of a sniffle
Richelle Direny: All because it's cold there, right.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, I live in Mansfield
Rhi Rhi R: Ohio.
Rhi Rhi R: Ohio stocks.
Richelle Direny: I know I used to hear people say all
Richelle Direny: I used to hear people say baggy. He, um, it's like you, you can in one day you can experience all the seasons.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah. Someone's like my uncle believes that this is the best car, the United States to live because
Rhi Rhi R: IT'S NOT ALWAYS LIKE WE'RE HIP we were used to live in. Sometimes it's hot and cold. Sometimes in lieu more like, you know, we feel this season does they come up with words warm all the time you know me.
Rhi Rhi R: But that's his theory on it like you would know how to, you know, I guess farm. I don't know when we get if we get really bad stuff you know he's, he's a in a world map, you know,
Richelle Direny: Yes, I was ever. How is on
Richelle Direny: Hold on, I'm because I'm going through everyone's
Richelle Direny: Hold on, where you're at work.
Rhi Rhi R: No, actually a girlfriend of mine is giving me a ride to my mom because she had to have
Rhi Rhi R: Direction up through her arm to her heart, see if he's gonna have a sense of it. So a girlfriend of mine is giving me right but she's in the store and I told her stay in there for about a half hour because, you know, it's just me.
Rhi Rhi R: I don't want you don't mean I don't want her to hear my business. And I don't think we're allowed anyway. And I didn't read my earbuds like an idiot.
Rhi Rhi R: So I'd rather just take your time and the store.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it's oh you, said she. Oh, she's shopping retailing
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, cuz she's given me a ride my mom.
Rhi Rhi R: Because I'm like
Rhi Rhi R: She had direct or something on on me blockage in our heart. Speaking of, you know, you remember Tammy.
Rhi Rhi R: In our group.
Rhi Rhi R: I know her, kind of, and she's in case if she's got. Have you heard from her.
Rhi Rhi R: She's a jack Cleveland Clinic.
Richelle Direny: So you said you know her personally
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, I mean so much of it, like she used to date to me. I know, long time ago, but
Richelle Direny: It's not like me, you know,
Rhi Rhi R: But she's
Rhi Rhi R: From what I heard.
Rhi Rhi R: You know she's in Cleveland Clinic and something to her heart bow.
Rhi Rhi R: She I guess she had surgery, a long time ago and a heart and now the other side of it all messed up. So
Rhi Rhi R: I don't know.
Rhi Rhi R: It's scary. She's like, she's like my age, girl.
Rhi Rhi R: I think I think she's already
Richelle Direny: She's in her 40s.
Rhi Rhi R: I think so.
Rhi Rhi R: I'm pretty sure
Rhi Rhi R: I don't know. It could be talking about
Rhi Rhi R: That I didn't know I know for sure she's been on it, and she's been here for quite some time since the last time we talked and group. I haven't
See
Rhi Rhi R: The person that knows harder, like we mutually know he said she's been up there for at least a week so wishing. Yeah, I haven't seen her group.
Rhi Rhi R: No.
Rhi Rhi R: We had a meeting here, you know, I mean, I've seen our meetings here like at the church is stuff day or in a
Rhi Rhi R: You know,
Richelle Direny: So you still go to any
Rhi Rhi R: Oh yeah girl. Sometimes I have to go because
Rhi Rhi R: I don't. It's not that I have cravings. Now, I never really have prayed that we clean so darn long, long, I don't have created. And I feel like I can help like everybody that I see addicts are so bad at your social bad and
Rhi Rhi R: Oh my gosh, are everywhere. And then the clinic, they run up here are just awful. Like, literally, like for instance a difference today would be Dr. Day. Okay.
Rhi Rhi R: They'll all be at the clinic all see the doctor and you literally hear them talk about what they're going to do with their medicine and trade. It is this answer right at that. It's awful. So
Rhi Rhi R: I was thinking about trying to
Rhi Rhi R: Look into doing like some training to be like a life coach. I think it'd be clean, five years or something like that. Right.
Richelle Direny: So I don't. I think everything in every place is different, how they go
Rhi Rhi R: Oh, you went to college.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, okay. You seem like you did you get your shit together. So, yeah.
Rhi Rhi R: But yeah, it's like that. That's my, I don't see a doctor or a girl a day or just it's just all I want to get out of your own. My, my, my son died at 21
Rhi Rhi R: My oldest son, it'll be five years and then I have a 22 year old. And then I started all over with an eight year old member we tell you this last time.
Rhi Rhi R: Then, okay.
Rhi Rhi R: I want to get the heck out of here because I have grandbabies now. And of course, he had girls, something that I never
Rhi Rhi R: Oh, I didn't mean it that
Rhi Rhi R: It's a great hand. I don't know. Anyways,
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, I don't know why, but I have granddaughters of time trying to talk resigned because he's working for FedEx and like he's like get work because they don't stop.
Rhi Rhi R: Because of this virus stuff. But when you saw was over, which I hope it does. You know, my youngest son out of school, tell me.
Richelle Direny: This game is finished. Right.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, pretty much. I will say, yeah. And like we have a curfew. Like, literally right now the store that I'm at with my friend. She is eight o'clock. They close down so
Rhi Rhi R: And then we have a curfew, where we have to be announced by 11
Richelle Direny: O'clock.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, unless it's an emergency.
And
Rhi Rhi R: I think we only got like
Richelle Direny: What don't you like what don't you live with your son and granddaughter or your daughter and grandkids or something like that.
Rhi Rhi R: Now they know I live in my house, but they're always there. So,
Rhi Rhi R: You know, I mean, I always have my grandpa.
Rhi Rhi R: And
Richelle Direny: I said when I spoken to YOU THAT ONE TIME.
Richelle Direny: You said that she was with you or something like that. Right.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, well, like
Rhi Rhi R: My side and his girlfriend have a break up like months and she thought army like you watch the game and then it'll be like for instance tonight.
Rhi Rhi R: But then she never should like it won't be until Monday or Tuesday. Then show on here. I mean, she I'm I hope that you can't do that. I know you're upset.
Rhi Rhi R: And just like just like Christopher Christopher feels like. That's my son thing he feels like it's empty words last time he he can't have a girl. Yes, you can. People do I did all the time, I was a single mom with my kids and did it all. You know me.
Richelle Direny: And
Rhi Rhi R: But yeah, they're always at my house. So yeah, you might say, yeah, you're right.
Rhi Rhi R: And of course, I have to my eight year old.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And you're so um so your eight year old up. Where is he, he's with his dad now.
Richelle Direny: With this whole career right now.
Rhi Rhi R: Right now, he's visiting that he's ways we still but his death, his head and Sam last week or the week before because he had to
Rhi Rhi R: Work. He's a manager grocery store and of course first order of so he has to work at like everybody cough. He said, everybody is called off and they're allowed to, you know, we just going on. So they're like trying to hire everybody they can and then he's got a slack as a person.
Rhi Rhi R: He like he was sending out with the math and like a hazmat suit girl was
Richelle Direny: Like an asthma suit.
Rhi Rhi R: Yes, because I'm terrified. But I heard like kids under 10 really aren't getting
Richelle Direny: Well I tiger just got it in Guangzhou, so hey
Rhi Rhi R: Oh my gosh. Are you serious,
Rhi Rhi R: That'll come across my news tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Tigers. Got it. So anybody is
Like
Rhi Rhi R: That's crazy.
Richelle Direny: I'm just saying it is what
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, well, you know, someone
Rhi Rhi R: Someone to like two 3000 people and just our town. This is somebody who just talk, it will be infected. And then somebody was saying a lot of us has probably already had it and we did not
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, if you're comparing it to like the regular flu virus, then that's a big possibility.
Richelle Direny: You're frozen.
Rhi Rhi R: Oh, and I
Richelle Direny: Know you're fine. Now, you're fine now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let me pull up your
Richelle Direny: Treatment plan here.
Rhi Rhi R: Now, that's your virtual background you
Richelle Direny: Know, I don't know how to do that virtual background. Okay. Oh yeah, I'm working from home.
Rhi Rhi R: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Ya know that that virtual background there is someone that I meet with that they have a virtual background. It's like, it seems like you're constantly moving
Richelle Direny: And it annoys the crap out of me. It's like it bothers my eyes because it seems like they're always moving, I think, who else does it, I think, Natalie, does it her background is a virtual background.
Rhi Rhi R: Hi, Sheena.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah.
Rhi Rhi R: Hmm, that white and bright heart.
Richelle Direny: Pound sign. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It bothers my eye because it seems like you're always moving
Yeah.
Rhi Rhi R: Why didn't even know there was such a thing I was talking to a breakout guy and he was like I say, dang. Your house is so nice anything. Oh, that's just a background I
Rhi Rhi R: Don't you know you can do that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, there's a way there's a way of my kid. They were someone was showing them. They were doing this video chat with church.
Richelle Direny: And they were showing them how to do it, but I don't have no clue.
Richelle Direny: I have no clue how to do it.
And
Rhi Rhi R: I'm glad because it looks the background looks nice, though. I just wanted to know if it was real or not.
Richelle Direny: No, it's real.
Richelle Direny: I mean, look at your treatment plan if we did one. No, they don't. Do you see a psychiatrist.
Rhi Rhi R: Now I have a family physician. I see him every month.
Rhi Rhi R: Why are you talking about the antidepressants.
Richelle Direny: That's what gives you your antidepressants.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, the anxiety and depression and anxiety. Yeah, I've been taking that for
Rhi Rhi R: Seven year
Richelle Direny: Alright.
Richelle Direny: So, um, what is something that you know
Richelle Direny: You said that your antidepressants are the only things that you've been like
Richelle Direny: Identified thing for you that when you when you think about like your triggers to, you know, your past addiction. Is it the because of your depression.
Rhi Rhi R: I wouldn't say depression about maybe some of it i a lot of guilt. A lot of guilt is true. You know, it's always you know I say that this is what I go by. It's hard to be sober.
Rhi Rhi R: But it's not as hard to get sober to stay sober. You know what I mean. Because then once you're sober. You really think about how you screwed up and hurt everybody and
Rhi Rhi R: And, you know, back and you have to apologize and deal with it, you know, and stand up, but just, you know, be be human mean elicit
Rhi Rhi R: Change your life. I literally had to get rid of my phone move out of my apartment. You know, I had to or it was never that not, I would not go to the clinics, because it's just bullshit. I think their bullshit.
Rhi Rhi R: Honestly, sorry. What
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, here in man's photo guys are awesome girl. I can't go to him. I won't
Rhi Rhi R: I think Dave Yeah I would be triggered into. No, I just
Rhi Rhi R: Know, I used to sit and listen to people like I was really trying to stay clean, you know, and this was, you know, 2000 2013 14 sound like that. And I was sitting in there. I would just hear all of them and then beside me a girl is not now and I was like what the hell.
Rhi Rhi R: I get out of here.
Richelle Direny: So you have you have anxiety is one
Rhi Rhi R: Yes, very much so. I mean I it's been so bad were like, for instance, like the store. If I was in here shopping and I, we have a manufacturer, I would literally just walk away from the car and walk out this door and look crazy girl just crazy.
Rhi Rhi R: But I know a lot better. I yeah I handle it. Oh gosh, I
Rhi Rhi R: Close this app me like zoom will be closed off actually why
Richelle Direny: Okay, good. Okay, if, if he says, okay, and it makes you just come right back in. It does just just hit OK. And then I'm
Okay.
Rhi Rhi R: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: No, no, that's fine. You're good.
Richelle Direny: Are you still there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're
Okay.
Rhi Rhi R: Sorry I kicked me out like
Richelle Direny: Oh, we keep twice.
Rhi Rhi R: Yes. Then my phone was overheat. But now outside. So I don't think it should
Richelle Direny: It was overheating.
Rhi Rhi R: It said, You're my phone was overheating. It was going to kick me out of zoom. That's why you said if it keeps you out if I can pull in LIKE YOU I CAN I SEE. Danielle for like a half a second, and then I see my breakout girl, and then I phone shut off. So to turn it back on. Now I'm outside
Rhi Rhi R: Weird and I just got this phone.
Rhi Rhi R: You have it on charge
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah I did see now I don't
Richelle Direny: Yeah, sometimes I think when you when you have it on charging you're talking on it. It tends I find that my phone gets very hot. So whenever I do that I put it on speaker, because if I hold it to my ear. It gets very hot. Yeah.
Rhi Rhi R: Actually, you know what, now I'm outside the car. It is totally cooling down everything
Richelle Direny: The first time I saw that on my phone. I was freaked out. It was like cool me down cool me that it was like
Richelle Direny: It says, Call me down.
Rhi Rhi R: I know right. I'VE NEVER SEEN I'VE NEVER A we've had meetings, it's ever done before. I'm like, What the heck is it
Richelle Direny: I think once I fell asleep, and that's where the danger. Once I fell asleep.
Richelle Direny: And you know, when you fall asleep. Your body goes, relax. Everything goes relaxing so
Rhi Rhi R: Now,
Richelle Direny: I think I'm a rollover on top of it.
Richelle Direny: And I don't know if I felt
Richelle Direny: Getting hot or what I wrote. And when I got it. I held it and kept it and it was saying cool me down because I guess I was laying on top of it. It was really hot, and it's something, it says cooling down. So can you imagine if it had blown up.
Rhi Rhi R: With. Yeah, I know, right. That's what I said. I just got to start. I've never seen.
Rhi Rhi R: Nothing like that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I've seen it once. I think I had like I was out in the open, son. I think maybe at the beach or something like that. Some years ago and it's and I saw it on top of it. It just said, Cool me down. I'm very hot.
Rhi Rhi R: Wow.
Rhi Rhi R: Well, it's interesting. Um,
Richelle Direny: So what I have here in terms of like when when looking at your goals. You were telling me about your anxiety because you said like your depression.
Richelle Direny: Um, and so, like, one of the goals is being able to identify how your overall depression has an impact on how you make decision.
Richelle Direny: Because it does have an impact both, I think both anxiety and depression. Does that it has an impact on it so you know they've got the objective is, is that each time that we meet
Richelle Direny: We're going to pick apart that we're going to talk about that. Like, how does that has an overall impact on your decision making skill, because remember those the impact that it has on your decision making skills, was one of them was ultimately how it your addiction.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because when you got really depressed or you have this feeling of hopelessness, you felt helpless.
Richelle Direny: You felt like you know you're the only one you isolated didn't want to have anything to do with how you combat those thoughts those feelings of uncontrollable where you lost control.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you gave up was, what would be your addiction, like what it is that you were addicted to what helped to numb those feeling those thoughts those, you know, just the way you were feeling not wanting to feel anymore now wanting to think anymore.
Rhi Rhi R: He completely numb and I deal with anything.
Rhi Rhi R: From long time
Rhi Rhi R: Then my cousin OD and then that was really bad, like she was like she lived with me for 15 years and she was like my sister, sister and she OD on Xanax and Benadryl and that really screwed me up, like I can I go
Rhi Rhi R: Through to throw a whole year over that and then Ryan for that. My son died. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you think about, you know, like you said it best, you are because though whether you have dreams of it, whatever it is. Anything that can numb the thoughts of feeling
Richelle Direny: Anything that can kind of just block all of it kind of like that. It's non existent for you. But the reality of it is like. It's like taking a pain medication what eventually happens to that pain medication.
Rhi Rhi R: It runs out, you get addicted sometimes
Richelle Direny: Exactly. Because, because you're trying to numb the pain you're trying to stop the page by
Richelle Direny: That statement is not meant to be a permanent fixture to your pain. What it does, it just numbs it temporarily it wears off. So
Rhi Rhi R: I thought like
Rhi Rhi R: Like with my son I instead of just not dealing with it, like with my cousin. I actually went to
Rhi Rhi R: Because I was on another program. So I had a counselor or therapist, like you. And then I had, I went to a grief counseling to and they were teaching me
Rhi Rhi R: Breathing exercises and stuff like the other ways to deal, you know,
Rhi Rhi R: I think if I didn't have them. I could have never talked about my son, like I do, now you know we've never because he's like he's my brother almost died in a car accident to not read the whole damn car died, except my brother. I know he has survived. You know, he's 25
So,
Rhi Rhi R: I mean, it's a big thing here they close down the road for two years in a row. There's like 450 people at my son's funeral and he's 21 I didn't know you knew that made people
Rhi Rhi R: Do
Rhi Rhi R: That is a lot of people, but I did do a lot better. A lot better and not what
You
Rhi Rhi R: What they did was
Rhi Rhi R: It so sad because there's a 20 year old kid with names that drove them from there went to Ashland, which is like 20 minutes away from where we live to a club.
Rhi Rhi R: And they kicked it over there and that the driver was a non drinker. So he did not drag and drop drove them all the way back here too. And so
Rhi Rhi R: I'm on the south side which is where my mom I caught outside and then they decided to go to a friend's house over there and that's when the boy that didn't drink. He opened the beer and to go drink and they decided to get back into this car and go all across town door to my house.
Rhi Rhi R: And that's what my son drove because of course everybody else was drinking. Even my son was drinking, but nobody else would drive with drinking. You know, I mean,
Rhi Rhi R: My brother even put his teeth on in the backseat. So that tells you right there. They should not you know hardly anybody and they were 21 you know i mean 2021 2321
So anyway.
Rhi Rhi R: What happened was they they come to my house and I guess a decided to go back across town to my mom's house.
Rhi Rhi R: Which is where my brother stayed at the time, and his best friend. The 20 year olds. They drink. They built the road.
Rhi Rhi R: And my son was going to stay with the girl that was was around a car because they were all real good friends. You know, they grew up together.
Rhi Rhi R: And then they stopped at McDonalds at four in the morning at 406 30 where he went off to the side of the road. And then we come back over the overturned my years of big field where he was and three little tiny trees but if he hits trees and maybe they were in a nap.
Rhi Rhi R: So,
Rhi Rhi R: It was awful girl all
Richelle Direny: Everyone in the car died.
Rhi Rhi R: Everybody but my brother. And what happened is the guy the trouble that lives at the house.
Rhi Rhi R: Woke up to the crash. The guy had a prosthetic leg yet but
Rhi Rhi R: When you get outside there was so much smoke. I guess the way that state trooper explained it to me, versus a house fire in a car fire.
Rhi Rhi R: it. Goes way faster. You know, I mean, so when a guy got outside
Rhi Rhi R: He only her my brother. You see there's a girl in the market. So, and she burned to death. But from what I heard she already gone. That's what they said, My son flew 55 feet out the air and he was in the field.
Rhi Rhi R: And the boy that was 20 he flew a 50 year. The other one, she made them pack way of, I guess, once you make one hole. They all go the same way. She was headed that way, but her feet deep and my brother was in a depot.
Rhi Rhi R: So the guy with the prosthetic lay came and knocked the back window out because all the other one does potty mouth the back way.
Rhi Rhi R: And he told it, you're gonna have to help me get you out and my brother Martha kicked and his pelvis was broke all where the seatbelt would have you it was broke
Rhi Rhi R: Me.
Rhi Rhi R: And he missed all the funerals and it was so
Rhi Rhi R: Nice use I've used in the hospital for a month and then he had physical therapy and he got gout at 22
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, it was, it was something and then his girlfriend him had a baby and it really like
Rhi Rhi R: It wasn't his baby, but he was going to take care of the baby and then she died right afterwards. It was awful. It was like we were hit, left, right, left, right, left, right, but I didn't die.
Richelle Direny: That's good.
Richelle Direny: So why not. What was your support system.
Rhi Rhi R: To be honest with you.
Rhi Rhi R: My mom is like a guardian angel girl and for one thing, my last counselor was telling me. Do not turn her into your sponsor you tell her too much stuff she Your mom, your mom. And then I caught on to. I was really toner way too much stuff you know it is your mom.
Rhi Rhi R: And so I had to get a sponsor and I did and you know any helped me a lot. And then I had two cousins, which were
Rhi Rhi R: My cousin that passed away. God, her sister and her brother. We all grew up real close today. I had a really good sports with my son, and he was into racing and all that, when he was younger. He 40 years old he was first place in, you know, dirt racing and
Rhi Rhi R: So I had a lot of people healthy. I mean,
Richelle Direny: What about spirituality
Rhi Rhi R: What, oh, well, this and I remember it's funny that you brought that up my son, Stephen, the one that passed away, his name was
Rhi Rhi R: He there was a church up the road remarks and they were all going and they were into play. You know, as
Rhi Rhi R: Go step is three wise men and all that stuff itself. My son within two months to come to that church got 60 people to follow him to lecture.
Rhi Rhi R: So that pasture.
Richelle Direny: Fix the people
Rhi Rhi R: They see people started going to church and I signed because they were they wanted to see, you know, and they were all gone.
Richelle Direny: What he looked like he had such a large following
Rhi Rhi R: Girl. He I guess he his hair is is pure. Sure, I guess, and my brother and ham, or six months apart so they look like 20 and then the neighborhood kids. I mean, there was
Rhi Rhi R: At least 15 neighborhood kids and the day had friends. So when the time was play came there were 60 additional people that Stephen
Rhi Rhi R: Had
Rhi Rhi R: You know anyway. So the pasture meta moment and he moved to Texas. So I my son passed each car accident. He did the, you know,
Rhi Rhi R: The service.
Rhi Rhi R: At church did it for free. And it was nine.
Rhi Rhi R: Your summary.
Rhi Rhi R: So that's I want, I want to take my son's up there. The Herald.
Rhi Rhi R: So you said like so. So
Richelle Direny: When you say your spirituality and like your son and going to the church like for you, like, how does that your belief in God.
Richelle Direny: Um, how you know
Rhi Rhi R: I just okay to be on
Richelle Direny: What you believe
Rhi Rhi R: I do believe you. I believe in God. Yes, I do. Very much so. I believe in Jesus Christ. I do.
Rhi Rhi R: I believe we are in it. We are in the paint or weird. Okay.
Rhi Rhi R: Right now.
But
Rhi Rhi R: When that happened,
Rhi Rhi R: I did.
Rhi Rhi R: For a split second I blamed him Jesus, but
Rhi Rhi R: I couldn't because he saved my you know he don't he didn't create that my son was drunk. I sent my son de Paul level was awful. I may have missed like
Rhi Rhi R: Point one eight for something and they had a video. The video from make down on they figured they they found out they went to McDonald's, because when they pick my son, there was a sandwich with one
Rhi Rhi R: So when I watched the video you can see in the video, my son was just way too much moving around and laughing and giggling and no seat belt and, you know, I mean, he was just, it was awful. And for my brother. His alcohol level was point 09 and he had a seatbelt on. Exactly. So
Richelle Direny: So he had all his wherewithal
Richelle Direny: So he wasn't he a drink, but it wasn't enough. It wasn't anything to talk about
Rhi Rhi R: Right. And now check their blood. So you know that it is what it is. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I go from like what helped you in terms of because of your belief your spirituality, how it has an impact on your journey is you're saying that initially you were upset with God.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. But then you're like, Well, God didn't do that you made that informed decision.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: So I believe in.
Rhi Rhi R: God, I believe.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, God put that man in Motion to put his prosthetic leg on and take my brother. It's not my brother be dead. I do believe that I really do. And I think Jesus Christ. Every day that I think to wake up. You know what I need to wake up and not be
Rhi Rhi R: Searching for a panel and, you know, wondering. Oh god, where am I going to be sick in the morning and not worry about my kids and not doing, you know, and this happened with my my oldest son now he was
Rhi Rhi R: He at the time. So he seen me awful, you know, the East enough. OK, so now he's ever seen me do anything. I got pregnant, and that's what saved my damn life.
Rhi Rhi R: I was pissed. I certainly don't get me wrong. And I thought, the guy was was for 11 half years. And we get pregnant and we split up. Is he got a 22 year old girl pregnant. I was like, Oh, hell no. No, they're not. He has a brother that six months younger
Rhi Rhi R: And and and MY SON'S FATHER. It was the scholastic girl disgusted Renee was so mad.
Rhi Rhi R: Because he's got to nori on and then Kingston, which is my son, and now he has the lyric, and he's not none of us.
Rhi Rhi R: None of us and he, you know, first he thought he was going to be the last girl, but he wasn't. I knew he wasn't. He's a good guy. He's just just not there for relationship for 11 years, you know, and he was good, he treated me good, he just to
Rhi Rhi R: Be just
Rhi Rhi R: Like to be with other people, you know, I have
Richelle Direny: A crap.
Rhi Rhi R: And then when I got pregnant. I thought, Oh my God, I'm on drugs and what am I going to do, and he didn't know it, you know.
Rhi Rhi R: I was working, you know, I still worked. He were and it was easy to get them and then I got fired eight and a half months pregnant and by then I was already on submitted.
Rhi Rhi R: But that doctor that I was seeing then wanted me to take the three a day and I cut myself down because I figured
Rhi Rhi R: God if I would stop taking these I would feel it when when sinful it, you know. So I cut myself down but stone. It matter.
Rhi Rhi R: Because they treat you like a drug addict idiot. Anyway, I was up there for 17 days. And there's a score sheet, which I'm sure you're familiar with maybe
Rhi Rhi R: If they score eight three times in a row. They had to be phone to Akron again and phenobarbital and murky and all that stuff and
Rhi Rhi R: He scored an eight, one from Season two much. That was it. That was it. He never had any thank God, though. Thank God for that, you know, as it could have been way worse.
Rhi Rhi R: And then after that I had to take it serious because I there's no way no way and Stephen this my son that I lost was very close to him. He was to when Stephen past and girl.
Rhi Rhi R: Every day for four months in a row, he get all esteem to choose out of line up and he put a wife beater on and gene fights do we're working on a car.
Rhi Rhi R: It was and I try, you know, bring me a trigger be a trigger me in terms of Stephen dying so that
Richelle Direny: I wouldn't made it
Rhi Rhi R: And then God I prayed to him and pray to Him. Every time I prayed him. He's crying, and he I've never heard him talk should be. You know how some people sitting here.
Rhi Rhi R: And I can't wait for that day, but I do know this.
Richelle Direny: I think it's how we think. I think it's how how you think about the hearing him. I think you're looking to hear him like you hear me talking to you.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah. And now I believe he does talk to people.
Richelle Direny: And I believe people through situations through
Richelle Direny: Circumstances, or that still small voice or you'll say, you know, I feel like something just told me to do this. It's how we're thinking of we're thinking of like a loud audible voice, not to say that that can happen.
Richelle Direny: But I think that's just how we think the conversation should always be but there's many different ways to
Rhi Rhi R: Get it.
Rhi Rhi R: Yes. Yeah, I mean I I don't believe I would be here today, if it wasn't
Rhi Rhi R: For those Lord engines just I don't believe
I mean, there's
Rhi Rhi R: No, I'm just now getting Kingston into it like he he'll be eight and then you don't want it now. Listen dear EVER BEEN LIKE SIX, SEVEN YEARS OLD AND LIKE AT seven years old. You know what he asked me, hey mom for my birthday. We take me to a lot nicer.
Rhi Rhi R: Girl.
Rhi Rhi R: I don't ever ever remember at seven years old, even thinking about that.
Richelle Direny: You know why no you know why because you think about it, the time that we're living in now in comparison to when you were younger.
And
Richelle Direny: Of all how children. Talk to adults now.
Rhi Rhi R: You would never know. It's great.
Rhi Rhi R: Oh,
Rhi Rhi R: My mama my ass.
Rhi Rhi R: Yes.
Rhi Rhi R: And
Richelle Direny: She. I mean, if we
Richelle Direny: If we if you take children. Now if we were like that. I'm sure we would all have dentures today simply
Richelle Direny: Has no teeth.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, we would have been seeing out of bifocals because
Richelle Direny: By the time we finished and getting told me
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: The by the time you can again talk because back then you could have gotten told
Rhi Rhi R: I thought, what was the
Richelle Direny: Girl. Remember, remember what the exposure to what's on TV. The, the music that you listen
Rhi Rhi R: To Mine wasn't back then.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, a lot of the language, the explicit and
Richelle Direny: Then the music.
Rhi Rhi R: Movies all that
Richelle Direny: It's all of that. Remember they're there, they're exposed to everything where it's
Richelle Direny: A lot of that.
Richelle Direny: Then was like, you remember pay per view to everything was on pay per view on enough
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you can watch now everything is out in the open.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, everything is
Richelle Direny: Open. So, you know, children today are very exposed in
Rhi Rhi R: Everywhere and it is scary.
Rhi Rhi R: It's very scary. It's scary to the point where
Rhi Rhi R: You know a lot of people don't even
Rhi Rhi R: Know, they don't know about Jesus. You know, it's awful. I mean, like, I'm just
Richelle Direny: It's, it's not that they don't necessarily know in
Richelle Direny: This day and age in our society in America.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's not that they don't know it's a matter of whether or not they believe, um, and it's also it's believing it's accepting. It's also when you go through different things, like you said, natural human instinct says when something bad happens, how can there be a god.
Richelle Direny: Who allows all happen.
Rhi Rhi R: How can
Richelle Direny: I believe in a God for allows all of this to happen.
Richelle Direny: So that, that's what it's kind of like what's going on now with all everybody who's sick and
Richelle Direny: was dying. How can there be a god and all of this happens. But like you said it's being at that place, like you said, it happened it's bad. It hurts like oh my gosh
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's coming to that place going through the emotions and coming to that place and saying, Okay, how do I allow the person to take responsibility for their role that they played in their ultimate
Rhi Rhi R: Right. And I said, like for two years in a row. Like I said he had the right road down and we walked from
Rhi Rhi R: The school to the site and I made a speech, and I know people are pissed at my son, you know, they took me took their lives and it and he was a loving everybody knew he was a loving popular kid. And, uh, but he still took their babies and I, as I said, You guys, I apologize. I know you're angry.
Rhi Rhi R: And I'm sorry for that and Stephen. Stephen when we so you know if you've been alive today. I mean, like my mom. My mom. My mom don't understand why is it talks about like to you. I, I haven't tried yet it. She can't even mention it was on prior will get this big you she makes me cry if we
Rhi Rhi R: Talk about it, but I've had. I tried to tell you these accounts like she don't believe in doing accounting, but she does listen to a retry mine, thank God, but you know she believes in God, it's just
Rhi Rhi R: I feel like he took him for a reason.
Rhi Rhi R: And he's preparing me for something to converse, I think. I don't know. That's just how I feel.
You know,
Rhi Rhi R: Now go ahead
Richelle Direny: Not a you know it but but you will have to have gone through
Richelle Direny: The emotional and mental
Richelle Direny: Trauma and hurt and all of it because that's what it is. The trauma and the hurt of the everything for not just losing your son, the impact that had on other families.
Richelle Direny: Having to go through my own grief having to go through all of that book also coming to that place.
Richelle Direny: Where you still have that belief in that connection to say there is still a god I'm
Richelle Direny: There any reason
Richelle Direny: Why, he took my son. I don't know. It doesn't say
Richelle Direny: That you didn't love her for your son.
Richelle Direny: It just says there has to be more to this life into everything that happens that my mind can comprehend.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and so it takes a lot of growth, it takes
Richelle Direny: A lot of going through a lot of things to come to that place. But if that's if that place that you're at gives you and on describe a little piece and you own that that's all that's important.
Richelle Direny: For you to try to justify why you think and feel if you're at that place of undeniable on indescribable peace.
Rhi Rhi R: And if that's when
Rhi Rhi R: I feel bad, like my mom, I just, you know, I feel bad. My mom, I think my mom gets so angry that I'm okay, you know, and it took me a long time to be okay but
Rhi Rhi R: That's oh, well, what if you did survive, and he will be in prison for killing and or he can be paralyzed or I mean anything could happen like the girl burned to death in the car. Her funeral wasn't earned it was awful. She got robbed of everything you know she had two little babies.
Rhi Rhi R: That called Stephen my son dad because they dated off and on for eight years.
Rhi Rhi R: Each of her wisdom.
Richelle Direny: I mean it's it's it's hard for like you said your piece is a different level and where you are.
Richelle Direny: Is very different from her anger. You can't own her anger. You can only just because at some point.
Richelle Direny: You're not letting go of the memory of the person you're letting go of the anger and what the anger is doing for you.
That's
Richelle Direny: Right. Yes.
Rhi Rhi R: It'll hold you and a hold you and hold you. If you do not let it go. If you don't forget, and
Richelle Direny: Girl, and it's the angry. That's what the it's the end or it's not that you're letting go of the memory.
Rhi Rhi R: Of the person because the man is
Richelle Direny: Always good. Right. You
Rhi Rhi R: Look at the picture here.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, it doesn't stop you from loving the memory of what you had with this individual. It is the anger, because the anger in itself. You can't bring it back.
Richelle Direny: You can change it, you can't do any of that you have no control. You can't do any of that. So it's letting go.
Richelle Direny: Of what the anger, because what the anger is doing to you. It makes you hate it makes you miserable day 200 happy. It makes you not able to enjoy everything that everyone around you.
Richelle Direny: It makes you
Richelle Direny: Able to experience peace. It does a lot of things to you and
Older
Rhi Rhi R: In the beginning, like even around the date of death is he died on sweetest day at that time I was Dr. Ray teeth, but that you know through to say changes every year. But at that time.
Richelle Direny: What kind of
Rhi Rhi R: Sweetest day that the fake holiday. So we just say you guys I have that really, where are you
Richelle Direny: As sweetest
Rhi Rhi R: Sweetest day. It's like a fake Valentine's Day. Oh.
Rhi Rhi R: And we celebrate it up here, girls.
Rhi Rhi R: Are down here. I don't know how to say it. Where are you at
Richelle Direny: It's not see the thing is the salt. Originally, I'm from Jamaica, all of the holiday.
Richelle Direny: All the holidays you celebrate here. They don't celebrate it there. So you learn about all these holidays like like every day is a different holiday never heard of.
Rhi Rhi R: By now you heard about three states and make Valentine's Day.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, it was October at and you know I just feel like he went out that he wasn't even going to go out that night, you know, and a buddy of his like I remember I used to
Rhi Rhi R: Grab his iPhone just turn the volume down sleep because I'm such a
Rhi Rhi R: You know, I just wanted him to stay home.
Richelle Direny: You know, he was always run
Rhi Rhi R: And working, you know, 60 hours a week, and it Brandon, he just, you know, sleeping, and he was wait first girlfriend at the time. Oh.
Rhi Rhi R: And he was dating a girl that
Rhi Rhi R: Died, but they were still friends, you know, their data for eight years. Anyways, just so happened.
Rhi Rhi R: That night, her brother came over woke him up. And that's how it all started. You gotta
Rhi Rhi R: Go over it. You know how he goes, oh, what if, what if, what if I went through all that and I jumped from, you know, happy just add acceptance to you know i did i do I still do you know
Richelle Direny: It's about it's human it's natural. It's okay. It's okay, like your you'll maybe have a thought of him or memory of him or something that someone does that remind you off him.
Richelle Direny: Your other
Rhi Rhi R: Other son.
Richelle Direny: That makes you
Richelle Direny: Sad you cry, you're going to miss him. That's natural. It's okay. It's what does it do. Does it, does it put you in a place where you become depressed.
Richelle Direny: Where now your depression is so deep. We're now you need to reach for something to help you with that depression or even just a passing emotion and feeling and thought because that's what they all are, they're passing
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah, and I am trying to learn like right now my
Rhi Rhi R: Family Physician is trying to like I said he's trying to get me to do the breathing exercises meditation, you know, to try to
Rhi Rhi R: Get off of the anxiety is like I shouldn't have so much around her. She talked about, like, I just sat here for almost an hour talked about the death of my son with you and I'm not you know what he was in there. Some days I can't talk about, for instance, uh, I don't know.
Rhi Rhi R: Arguing with my aunt.
Rhi Rhi R: family drama. I get anxiety ridden, you know. It's crazy.
Rhi Rhi R: I'm maybe I'm not
Richelle Direny: Okay, so one of the things that, what are some things that you like to do, like what are activities that you like to do that can help you with your own daily self care routine. What are things that you like to do
Rhi Rhi R: You know what this is gonna sound so stupid.
Rhi Rhi R: I didn't wake up and I love to clean that I love to have a clean house very, very clean house and my OCD or nothing like that. But it makes me happy. It does make me happy is
Richelle Direny: What we're using
Rhi Rhi R: I do girl you know up and I'll Kevin gates it in. Yes, I do.
Rhi Rhi R: I do man and then
Rhi Rhi R: I will get out in the yard, like in summer and I'll think of different ways fencers they get different ideas for the yard and
Rhi Rhi R: I go to the y three times a week. We have a why here. My mom goes and does water aerobics with older ladies and she wanted me to fit with her. So I'm the youngest one in there like
Rhi Rhi R: My asked me to get an exercise.
Rhi Rhi R: So I do that too. And I like to read and I like to. I like to teach Jason different things than what the schools teach account. You don't need
Rhi Rhi R: A lot of little things make me happy. And to be honest with you, since I've been fed up with a bad
Rhi Rhi R: I've haven't been in a relationship, a real relationship. Since then, and we've been sort of for eight years. And it's, I'm not lonely at all.
Rhi Rhi R: Not at all. And I'm talking to a man right now. He's a little older than me, but he is very, very kind. Nice extracting
Rhi Rhi R: Flow. It means you know with unless it's nothing like movement, nothing serious. You know, and he knows about, you know, he's known me. All my life I've known him and I didn't think just small things make me sober makes me happy.
Rhi Rhi R: Makes getting up and not being like sloppy. And for me, you know I last three and a half years. My life. I don't freak you remember it.
Rhi Rhi R: You know, I was up, but I will not
Rhi Rhi R: You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: You asleep for three and a half years.
Rhi Rhi R: Oh my
Rhi Rhi R: Gosh.
Richelle Direny: Our family. So who, if you were asleep for three and a half years. Who was your knight in shining armor that gave you the kiss to what to break the spell.
Rhi Rhi R: My mom. My mom, she had to tell me you better get together on the other end up having to take, take, you know, shit away from you and like cheering me like a child and I'm an adult, you know, and you know it works or so.
Richelle Direny: People will you can call on to help you through you know when you're having the it's your mom or your sponsor.
Rhi Rhi R: Oh yeah, my sponsor. My mom to my cousin.
Rhi Rhi R: Very good friend of mine. I only have, you know, you know, you go through life and you only you probably maybe if you're lucky if five genuine
Rhi Rhi R: Friends that you fought with or, you know, and you still love you, or you don't talk to for a while and you see each other and you can pick up right where you're at, you know, how you only have a few though. Yeah, I have a couple of the help me.
Rhi Rhi R: If I'm having a very, very bad game though I got
Rhi Rhi R: I got a church. I tried to talk to somebody and are coming from the church or I'll go to a meeting and just sit and listen because you know what if you're having a bad day. You set a meeting girls.
Rhi Rhi R: So it's always having something worse.
Rhi Rhi R: I'm not kidding.
Richelle Direny: That is true. What are some healthy coping skills that you can identify
Rhi Rhi R: What
Richelle Direny: Like healthy coping skills coping skills coping skills that you have
Rhi Rhi R: Oh, what about my coping with what my anxiety and
Richelle Direny: Decide your different
Rhi Rhi R: I'm
Rhi Rhi R: Taking up more
Rhi Rhi R: And like I said, Meditation.
Rhi Rhi R: talking it out.
Rhi Rhi R: Actually
Rhi Rhi R: Turn the music on just dancing around that sounds so stupid, but I do it.
Hey,
Rhi Rhi R: Listen, I do it so much that my neighbor one day come over and she did, she be like, you know, I'm not trying to be knows you're nothing but you have shares hanging up and we see you. Are you okay, and there is I'm jumping around. So I ended up for you know i mean
Richelle Direny: What are some relationship do you have relationship triggers.
Rhi Rhi R: Ah, no, not really because I haven't been in a relationship, you know, I mean, I get along with kings and bad, but now. Oh god, Christopher said, No, we do not, we do not get along. He would be a major trigger, I would probably want to drink, and I don't drink. I mean, that was
Richelle Direny: Around me
Richelle Direny: Who was a year older son.
Rhi Rhi R: Yes. My oldest son's dad. I did not get along. He has his opinions I have mine.
Rhi Rhi R: Like, and he's very he tricked how God. We had a bad relationship that that
Richelle Direny: emotional triggers.
Rhi Rhi R: What do I do about them.
Richelle Direny: Know what are some emotional triggers that you may have.
Rhi Rhi R: Oh god, I'm a lot of
Rhi Rhi R: It could just be pictures, some pictures.
Rhi Rhi R: Of any of my son of people that passed away or thinking about old argument with for no reason. And the things I've done. You know what I mean.
Rhi Rhi R: And I cry like a baby. I do.
Rhi Rhi R: That is Chelsea, I guess.
Rhi Rhi R: As long as, as long as I'm not getting I
Richelle Direny: Think about the tears, thinking about the tears is taking away the pain, taking the pain from our wash away.
Rhi Rhi R: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's a cleansing cleansing.
Richelle Direny: Just thinking about it. It's a cleansing its water that's coming
Rhi Rhi R: Your way to
Rhi Rhi R: Think about it.
Rhi Rhi R: It's a client that you guys ready. I never stopped my tap
Richelle Direny: Your cleansing your, your funding for that moment the pain because remember when you think about
Richelle Direny: You like you're you have all this hurt that you're feeling and the emotion that you bottle and when you cry, you're releasing it you're you're with the tears and whether you bought a ball, you're releasing it because to release it, you feel so much better. So you're clear
Rhi Rhi R: Yes, I do. That's a good way to look at it. I'm telling my mama that tonight.
Richelle Direny: Look,
Rhi Rhi R: Okay, so let's take my counseling and
Richelle Direny: Book your, your session for, hold on, let's see.
Okay.
Rhi Rhi R: So, at this time, like a dummy.
Richelle Direny: Yes, the 20 seconds.
Richelle Direny: The 22nd at seven.
Rhi Rhi R: Okay.
Richelle Direny: But I'll send a reminder, or like like I do.
Rhi Rhi R: Is. Oh yeah, that was awesome.
Rhi Rhi R: Man, that's awesome. I soon as I hit like when I go into the joint and hit meeting. Yeah, it was right there. So yeah, that was locked. Because remember, the other capacities like three different times. Like, what was it, what was it,
Richelle Direny: No, and I usually I didn't do it tonight. But usually I arm I will send out
Richelle Direny: A reminder to tell everybody when their session when their group is or not their group. Their, their individual
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, my dear. So I have a we just went over your treatment plan. I'm going to update your chart. And then we'll see each other on Thursday. Remember
Rhi Rhi R: If you don't
Richelle Direny: Make it to noon, you can come to the six o'clock session.
Rhi Rhi R: Oh, you got one. Now I didn't do
Richelle Direny: It.
Richelle Direny: Last Tuesday. It started last okay
Richelle Direny: So if you don't have to just come to the six o'clock session.
You have to
Richelle Direny: To come to session because remember your scripts are filled on a weekly basis.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, for one. Okay.
Rhi Rhi R: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, all right, my dear. Have a good
Evening.
Rhi Rhi R: Bye.